Part 617: Meeting the Ancestors

January 14th, 2021. 10AM. Illuminati Haven.

Jason closed his eyes and focused. He found his vision drawn to an illusory world made by the power of an ancient Hero, Mad Madam Mildred. In this phantom reality, he stood inside a vast library filled with countless books, scrolls, tables covered in pamphlets, all of it looking clean, pristine, and well taken care of. Candelabras were placed along the walls, their flames colored differently based upon the different contents of the books in their respective area. The library was more dimly lit than any avid reader would prefer, but it did give the place an aura of ancient secrecy.

Madam Mildred stood before him, her plump body contrasting with her somewhat short stature. She looked to be 300, possibly 400 pounds, yet was only five and a half feet tall. She was quite a bit shorter than Jason, at six feet tall. Mildred wore a purple and gold set of Victorian clothes, showing herself to have originated somewhere in 15th or 16th century England, though Jason wasn't learned enough to pinpoint a more exact time or region.

Beside Mildred, a powerful-looking dark-skinned man towered, his arms crossed, assessing the boy before him. His name was Jepthath, the Illuminator, first Hero to ever walk the Earth. He wore humble white shepherd robes, but also armor made of demon bones mounted atop those robes. Resilient, durable, capable of withstanding powerful attacks, he looked to be an awe-inspiring warrior capable of ripping and tearing demons apart with his bare hands.

"Madam Mildred. Lord Jepthath." Jason quickly said, bowing his head quickly. "It's good to see you two again. I mean... it's good to meet you. For the first time, I suppose."

"Hah-hah-hah, what an interesting slip of the tongue, my boy!" Mildred exclaimed, leaning forward to give him a playful smile. "Have we perchance met before? Or have you met another gorgeous, buxom woman who reminded you of me?"

Jason opened his eyes. He looked at Mildred and Jepthath, his expression darkening ever so slightly.

"I... I'm not sure. You seem familiar to me. Both of you do. But I can't place why. I've been feeling this way for the past two days, ever since my powers... awoke? It all happened so fast. I don't know how to explain it."

Jepthath frowned. "The abilities wielded by a Trueborn are many and varied. Mildred has been watching you since your arrival. We already know everything you have been up to, along with the information you have given our descendants. We have thought carefully about the implications of your words so far, but we have yet to draw any conclusions."

"Oh. That's... good." Jason said hesitantly, feeling a little awkward due to the revelation someone unknown had been watching him this whole time. "I guess that saves me the trouble of explaining myself."

Mildred's smile faded somewhat. She continued to maintain a positive attitude, but she also muted her emotions as she took a good, long look at the young man before her.

"It has been a long time since the last Hero walked the Earth. Not since Harold Whittaker perished to the Nazis have we seen another emerge. This has given our Order a deep sense of existential dread. You see, dear boy, humans have grown more and more capable of fighting the Demons without the power of a Hero, particularly since the Industrial Revolution, but not even the strongest human armies can easily match the power of their Emperors. It is essential we always have a Trueborn in the back-wings, someone who can battle them if need be."

Jason nodded. "Makes sense. Gotta keep our enemies on their toes. Don't want them to grow too cocky and risk unleashing a mass casualty event, even if we do succeed in pushing them back."

"The greed of the demons is their undoing." Jepthath said, a sneer crawling onto his face. "They have grown lazier and more decadent over the years. Right now, they do not feel that humanity, the Titans, and the angels pose them an existential threat. They are mostly satisfied with the status quo. They lounge about, quietly build up their subordinates, and secretly do battle with each other rather than us. They have not seen a Hero appear in decades, so they have grown to believe they will ultimately take over the Earth, given enough time."

"The demons are immortal." Jason points out. "Time is on their side."

"Indeed. An immortal enemy is an enemy who can afford to play the long game." Jepthath said, smiling slightly at the boy's quick thinking. "But it is also a failing they have not seemed to notice. The longer they live, the lower their guards drop. Satan the Devil leads demonkind, but he is a womanizer who loves to sleep around. He thinks more with his lower demon these days than he did a few millennia ago. Back then, he was a terrifying foe hellbent on destroying humanity and the angels at all costs. Today, he is relatively content to live a more hedonistic life, letting his peers battle for supremacy."

"That might sound like a good thing," Mildred interjects, "but do not let your own guard down, dear boy! The demons have only grown complacent because humanity lacked a hero. Once they obtain news of your emergence -and believe me they will learn sooner rather than later- they will immediately return to their previously vigilant state. Too many Trueborn have unleashed terror upon the demons over the millennia for them to take even a weak Trueborn lightly. Especially as this era has birthed a shocking number of Lowborn Heroes to back you up!"

Jason leans against a pillar and crosses his arms. "You're saying the number of Lowborn is greater than usual?"

"Far, far higher!" Mildred exclaims. "During the eras of Solomon and Arthur, two of the greatest Heroes of all time, there were less than a handful of Lowborn roaming the Earth. Now, there are at least two dozen that we know of, and possibly many more beyond that. I've never seen so many in all my years! Whatever your power is, it must be a 'command' type that boosts other humans."

Jason blinked. "The other people told me that these Lowborn have been springing up for years. They also said they'd been tracking my movements across several continents. But, Lord Jepthath, Lady Mildred... that cannot possibly be the case. I've been right here, in Oregon, the whole time. I haven't been to another state, let alone all the way over in Europe or these other crazy locations."

For a time, the two ancient Heroes fell silent.

"...We have considered this as well." Jepthath said slowly. "I have a theory. I have witnessed many incredible powers in my time among the Artifact-dwellers. I believe you may not exactly be a 'seer' but a 'projector'."

"A... a what?" Jason asked, bewildered.

"Jepthath, you don't really think...?" Mildred asked, crooking an eyebrow at him.

"Exactly that." Jepthath said. "It explains the memory loss and a great many other things. Perhaps, in his sleep, Jason has been projecting phantasms around the world. Unbeknownst to him, before his true powers awakened, he projected ghostly apparitions of himself in Europe and all these other places. That is why he knows so much about the demons and the other entities. Perhaps he has even observed us without our knowing."

Jason scratched his head. "Uhh... I mean, I guess that's possible. I did- actually, yeah? I had a really weird dream last night."

"You did?" Mildred asks, his voice rising an octave. "Do tell!"

"It's... uh... it was about... um... uhh..."

Jason stuttered and stammered, but no matter what he tried, he couldn't remember the dream for the life of him.

"No memory at all? How bizarre." Mildred muttered. "Dear boy, if you open up your mind to me, I can peer inside and try to examine your thoughts. Perhaps I may even find the source of your power? But I must have your explicit permission before I do so. My power is incapable of being used offensively."

Jason rubbed his arm. The thought of allowing this woman he barely knew to look inside his head unnerved him. But at the same time, he felt even more unnerved by all the bizarre happenings that had occurred since he woke up yesterday.

"I... alright. I'll give you permission... I guess." Jason said.

Mildred didn't immediately dive into his head. Instead, she gave him a serious look.

"Dear boy, I do not mean you any harm. That being said, we are strangers. We barely know one another. If you are discomforted by the thought of a gorgeous woman like myself peering into your most secret memories, then I will not force you. We can always do this on another day."

"We can?" Jason asked.

"Of course, of course." Mildred said, waving her hand flippantly. "You are now being cradled within the protective embrace of the Illuminati. Even if a Demon Emperor should storm inside, our people are among the few on Earth who could protect you. Short of a full-scale invasion, nobody could reach you before our defenses obliterated them. And even if they were so stupid as to attack here... heh heh heh..."

Jepthath's eyes flashed with hunger. "I would be happy to emerge from my artifact for one last bloody battle. Taking down an Emperor would be a noble end to my existence."

Jason licked his lips. He looked away, then he looked back at Mildred.

"Truth be told... I am... curious about these memories... if that's what they are."

"If you do not fully trust me, I cannot look inside your mind." Mildred replied, holding up her palm. "I sense a deep distrust within your heart, dear boy. I will not press the issue further. Instead, why don't we just continue to chat a while? I'll have that lovely Claire bring you back every day for the next week or two. We'll have plenty of time to educate you on the essential matters of this world."

Jason slowly nodded, feeling some of the dread release from his heart. He truly didn't feel comfortable having this random woman looking through his brain. Some sort of primal instinct warned him not to trust others so naively, though he couldn't be sure what caused that feeling.

"Could you tell me about the other ancient organizations?" Jason asked. "They're among the topics I genuinely know nothing about."

Mildred started to speak, but before she could utter a word, Jepthath let out a loud snort through his nose.

"Hah. The _other_ organizations? Like the Freemasons? The Rockefellers? All a bunch of charlatans. The fact some Heroes have actually joined them willingly sickens me. Only the Illuminati can be considered the rightful protectors of humanity. My descendants have fought and bled to protect the rightful rulers of this planet, while those other sniveling 'secret societies' sought _peace_ and mutual cooperation among our enemies."

Mildred winced. "Ahh, why don't you let me tell the boy about them this time, eh, Jepthath dearest? No need to become so agitated."

"Agitated? Agitated?! I am not agitated just because those prissy, half-witted imbeciles constantly seek to appease the bloodskins! They ought to-"

"Yes, yes." Mildred said, touching his back. "I've heard this a thousand times by now. Let's not subject our dear descendant to another one of your rants. Go take a rest and leave this part to me, hmm!"

Jepthath hesitated. He looked like he wanted to keep roaring about the other societies, but eventually he spun on his heel, grumbled under his breath, and strode away.

"I'm picking up that he doesn't like those other societies." Jason said, speaking the obvious part out loud. "Old grudges?"

"Betrayals, backstabbings... many such things. Actually, his great-grandson founded one of those secret societies. It focused heavily on appeasing the angels and making humans subservient to them, until Jepthath later revived inside his artifact and led an extermination team to wipe that society out. Jepthath will _never_ forgive Archangel Raphael for his deception during the Ancient Era."

"What deception?" Jason asked.

"That is a long story." Mildred said. "Let's talk about it later, hmm? For now, dear boy, we should discuss the other secret societies, starting with MJ12..."

...

Mildred began to paint a picture for Jason about these various organizations, their origins, their goals, and why each of them were problematic in their own right. Over the next two hours, she and Jason held a long and fruitful discussion on the subject.

"But that's not right." Jason interjected at one point. "By all accounts, the Illuminati is a war-like human supremacist organization. Hasn't it occurred to you that seeking mutual cooperation isn't such a bad idea? You keep telling me how bad the mission statements of these other organizations are, but the Illuminati wants to exterminate the demons, angels, and monsters, leaving only humans in charge of Earth. That's genocide!"

"I know it seems cruel, dear boy," Mildred said soothingly, "but you must understand that we are in the midst of a war for survival. The Demons continue to amass Emperors every century, and the angels build up their army of Lazarites. The Titans, likewise, are far above humanity in terms of individual power. We cannot say how deadly a war against them would turn out. We can only make secret preparations in case such a war does come to pass."

Jason frowned. Over the last two hours, he had learned about Majestic 12, Skull and Bones, the Rockefellers, the Rothschildren and their many splinter groups, the Nazis, the Aryan Brotherhood, the Triad, and even the Ku Klux Klan. He was surprised to learn that in the middle of many of these extraordinary organizations, there were plenty of brutes and thugs that sought only their own enrichment or vindictive goals.

But even so, he grew to think that the Illuminati... didn't sound as peachy and wonderful as Mildred made it out to be.

They were human supremacists.

They refused to cooperate with the demons. They refused to even consider setting aside ancient grudges. They treated Earth as a battlefield that would someday lead to a war of extermination. Only by selfishly empowering humanity would they be able to finally achieve peace.

Jason didn't know why, but that goal did not sit well with him. He had his own thoughts on the matter, and they didn't gel with Mildred's explanations.

_Seems it was right for me to not let her into my head, at least not just yet._ Jason thought to himself. _Who knows what would happen if she saw how different my thoughts were from hers._

But on the surface, he simply shrugged, opting to play along.

"You have a point. If it's a war for survival, then compromising with the enemy is not a good idea. I'll have to think more on the matter. For now, I think I've heard enough."

Mildred nodded slowly. "Indeed, dear boy, indeed. Perhaps I have not made as convincing an argument as I would have liked. The next time we speak, I will be sure to rectify that mistake. You can go now, and we will talk again tomorrow."

Jason smiled and nodded. He bowed politely at the waist. "I'm sorry for having taken up your time. Thank you for enlightening me on these crucial matters."

"Hah-hah-hah!" Mildred laughed, causing her massive chest to bounce. "Oh, such a polite boy! Worry not, for I am always happy to speak to any generation's Trueborn! It isn't as if I lead the most exciting life down here! See you tomorrow, dear boy."

Jason stood up straight, and a moment later, his phantasmal body vanished from the library.

Mildred's smile slowly disappeared. She rubbed her chin thoughtfully as Jepthath walked over.

"Thoughts?" Jepthath asked.

"He is unnervingly amenable to the demon's causes." Mildred said. "His mind is strangely firm. He does not have the bearing of a teenager. If I didn't know any better, I'd believe I had just spoken to a hundred-year-old master. He has already seen through the vicissitudes of life. Strange. Very strange."

"Is he a threat?" Jepthath asked, lowering his voice.

"He is no Dracula, not that I can see." Mildred replied. "We will have to continue monitoring him. I will try to make more headway in our future talks. Perhaps I can get him to come around and see things our way."

Jepthath fell silent. He narrowed his eyes into a glare and stared off into the distance, his thoughts unknown.

"Hmmm..."

---

Jason awoke back in reality. He lifted his head, finding himself standing before Mildred's statue. Without letting his expression give him away, he smiled faintly and turned away, looking as if he were pondering Mildred's wise words.

But internally, his thoughts began to race.

_I'm sure of it now. This compound isn't protecting me. It's a prison. They will not let me leave until they're certain they have my allegiance. The whole time, Mildred was probing me, trying to see how deep my pro-demon sympathies went._

_If I let her look into my mind, it's possible she'll see all these thoughts and misgivings I'm having now. But if I continue to refuse, she'll only doubt me more. And I can't silence my misgivings, either. The truth is, this 'Haven' is really weirding me out. The vibes are way off._

Jason's smile slipped for a second, but he quickly recovered.

_The most infuriating thing is I wouldn't even call myself 'pro-demon'. They're clearly vile creatures. I just refuse to condemn them until I've at least had a conversation with their leaders. But to these whack-jobs, even that is too extreme. They won't allow a drop of compromise with their enemies, so they'll likely resort to more violent measures to get me on their side. Perhaps even... brainwashing._

Jason quickly peered through the reality of his situation. He made several predictions which may or may not have been true, but which felt accurate given his current base of knowledge.

_I'll just have to play along while I start working on an escape plan. If I really do have powers, then I need to figure out what the hell they are before the Illuminati do. Once they know what I can do, they'll be able to lock me down even more easily. I can't give them an intel advantage!_

Jason met up with Claire. He gave her a brief summary of the discussion with Mildred, then Claire took him back to Natalie.

After Jason, Natalie, and Claire entered the elevator, Jason carefully glanced at his young female companion. Natalie might appear like a flight hostess, but the truth was she was  likely there to keep an eye on him and restrain him if he attempted an escape.

_I beat Dobson with relative ease. I can probably take Natalie down too._ Jason thought.

He continued to chat with Natalie and Claire, keeping the vibe casual, but all the while, he began to think more and more about how he'd make his way to freedom.

_Even if I knock out Natalie, there's sure to be other armed guards on the base. I can't make it to the top area if they shut the elevators down. Maybe there's an emergency stairwell? That'll be easy to block off, but at least I'll have a way to escape if I fight my way through. And do they want to kill me? Probably not. They've been waiting for a Trueborn to emerge for decades. No shot they'd kill me and have to wait another 18 years. Maybe I can use that to my advantage._

"Where to next, Jason?" Natalie asked.

"I told Jerome I'd spar with him." Jason said, flashing a friendly smile at her. "Mind showing me to the sparring arena? Honestly, I get so lost in this place. Maybe I could get a map?"

"Natalie will be happy to show you around." Claire responded. "Don't bother looking at a map, it's all just a bunch of confusing hallways anyway."

Jason didn't bat an eye. "Yeah, fair enough."

_They must be entertaining second thoughts about me._ Jason thought. _I bet the ancestors already relayed my conversation to Claire or someone relevant. I'll definitely have to tread carefully the next few days._

Not long afterward, Claire split off, allowing Jason and Natalie to travel to the sparring area, where the muscled Jerome awaited.

"Jason! You made it." Jerome said, as he pulled off his shirt to reveal his toned body. "So, you ready to get your butt kicked?"

Jason entered the arena covered in soft and cushy panels, noting the spring it gave to his step. Even if he took a heavy fall, he'd probably be just fine. The glass walls showed him a few other youths fighting one another in 1v1 battles, but as soon as they saw Jason appear, they stopped fighting to run over and watch from outside.

"I don't know..." Jason said, looking sheepishly at all the people peeping through the glass. "I... don't want to humiliate you too badly in front of everyone."

"Ohh, shit! Little white boy knows how to talk some trash! Alright, alright!" Jerome laughed. "So, we gonna use weapons, or go at it bare-handed?"

"If we use weapons it won't take long for me to lay you out." Jason said, acting aggrieved. "Let's just do a little MMA."

"Oh yeah? A little MMA, you say? You really want to visit the afterlife that badly huh?" Jerome joked. "Alright, toss that shirt aside and let's get moving."

Jason nodded. Natalie walked to the back of the sparring ring and stood beside the entrance, leaving Jason alone. When he took off his shirt, the people outside frowned.

Jason... did not look like a fighter. He was skinny, frail, and badly out of shape. If he weighed any less, people would likely assume he was anorexic.

"Need to get some meat on those bones." Jerome said, before suddenly darting forward. "Don't blink!"

In an instant, their frenzied melee began.

Jason slithered around like a snake. Sensing that he was no match for Jerome in the weight class or strength department, he didn't dare take the brawler on directly. Instead, he snapped out a few kicks and punches, forcing Jerome to dodge. When Jerome punched and kicked back, Jason also ducked and weaved, dodging under those attacks.

But then, Jerome surprised Jason by charging at him like a bull, getting his arms around Jason's chest, lifting him up, and slamming him onto the mat.

"Unf!" Jason gasped.

He struggled to break free, but it may as well have been a toddler trying to escape the grasp of a fully grown adult, for all the audience could see. Jason had no chance. He eventually tapped out, and Jerome pulled away, satisfied with his quick victory.

"Told you." Jerome said, looking at Jason smugly. "Once you get grabbed, ain't nothing you can do. You're too weak."

"Yeah." Jason said, massaging his chest. "You've got me there. Alright, fun's over. I guess we'll switch to weapons."

Jerome smirked. "Yeah I heard you peeled Dobson like an onion, but he's just a _normal_ human. Your little tricks ain't gonna work on me."

"Is that so?" Jason asked. "Why don't we spar with... _training staffs_? Best four out of seven. Just gotta knock your opponent to the mat."

"You're on!" Jerome laughed.

...

Fifteen minutes later, Jerome scowled at Jason. "Come on! I can't even get ONE point?? Best... best _seven out of thirteen_! I've got you this time!"

Jason grimaced. "Are you sure? Because even if you do get a point, you'll need six more after that..."

"Shut up man! Damn, what are you, some kind of demon or something? How the hell does a staff move that fast?! Ain't never seen anything like it in my life!"

Jerome jumped to his feet. Despite his anger, he was uninjured. He still had plenty of energy, and he could even see that Jason was a little more exhausted than him. After all, Jason's physical strength and stamina were far beneath him.

But when Round Seven played out, Jerome found himself unable to close the distance between himself and his weaker foe.

Jason's movements were precise and calculated. He spun the staff around himself like a hurricane, sometimes snapping it forward to strike at Jerome's abdomen, sometimes to parry Jerome's clumsy and poorly aimed counter-attacks.

In truth, Dobson was a much better opponent with the bo staff than Jerome. Jason quickly realized Jerome was practically untrained. He'd only used the staff for a couple of weeks, along with a few other weapons, before sticking to his fists. All his training was in boxing, MMA, and other fist-style martial arts.

Even then, Jerome was still much worse than Jason at melee combat. The only reason Jason lost when they went full-MMA earlier was because Jason's physical condition was so pathetic. If he were even half Jerome's strength, Jerome never would have beaten him.

Jason jumped forward lightly, swept his staff at Jerome's legs, and sent his opponent tumbling to the mat once again.

By now, dozens of soldiers, students, and other faculty had already lined up outside the glass walls, cheering excitedly as they watched Jason take apart Jerome. Long known as being an absolute tyrant in the sparring ring, few people could get a point or two off Jerome, and absolutely nobody took him apart like Jason did.

Finally, Jerome gave up. He flopped onto his ass and shook his head.

"Man, them rumors was true after all. What the hell? You fight like one of them Kung Fu masters in the Jackie Chan movies."

"Guess I'm just an old soul or something." Jason said, walking over to grab a towel put in the corner by one of the Haven's gym monitors. He mopped up his sweaty body, then sighed. "I'm pretty tired now, Jerome. Let's do this again tomorrow. I've got other stuff I need to be doing."

"Sure thing!" Jerome said, pulling himself to his feet. He also walked over, grabbed a towel, and mopped the sweat off his chest. "Be seeing you around, man."

Jason nodded.

"Be seeing you."