Part 400: Gallax's Fall

Raphael closes his eyes and begins to speak.

"In the beginning, there was only the Creator and the Void. Then, my Father made me, his first son. He named me Raphael. He gave me light. He showed me the creation of our galaxy. He told me to be fruitful and spread the seed of life."

Jason frowns. "I thought the Cosmic Realm was where all the angels were made?"

"Nay. I created the Cosmic Realm to form more angels from the dust of the cosmos," Raphael explains, "for I could not spread those seeds all by myself."

"If you could create angels, why didn't you make more after all the Dragon Wars and Titan Wars and all that other stuff?" Jason pushes further.

"When I was still young and newly formed, my Father gave me a portion of his... creative power." Raphael explains haltingly. "And so, I created the Cosmic Realm, which gave life to a billion of my brothers and sisters. Unfortunately, what followed were the first holy wars of angelkind, where they fought one another to alleviate their boredom and satiate their bloodlust. During this period, I exhausted what remained of my creative powers. My final act was to plant the last seed of creation inside one of my sisters, Uzziel, who later went on to assist me in creating the dragons and Titans."

"The dragons you hunted like dogs in the street." Unarin snorts. "And then what? The Cosmic Realm fell apart?"

"Nay. It remained as a place for the fallen among my brothers and sisters to return to." Raphael says. "Someday, if I should die, I too shalt dissipate and return to the dust of the Cosmic Realm."

"So you made the Cosmic Realm yourself, which you then used to make all the other angels?" Jason asks, while mentally recalling the things Raphael told him during the Ancient Era. "These details seem a little different from what you told me before. Are you lying to me?"

"Not lying. Expanding." Raphael says, casually waving a hand. "I hath no need to lie. The angels art gone. Nothing remains but a shred of my pride."

"Let's get specific." Unarin says. "Explain to me how we can access the Cosmic Realm. I must destroy the Kolvaxians contained within. Also, I need to know how they might be escaping the Cosmic Realm to land on worlds. Why don't they do so more often? Why only a single Kolvaxian at a time? Are there hard limits for traveling to and from the Cosmic Realm?"

Raphael slowly shakes his head.

"Verily, I know not why the Kolvaxians act the way they do. If they possesseth the power to enter and exit the Cosmic Realm, there art no reason they cannot do so at will. Within a day, they could easily make planetfall upon every populated world in the galaxy."

"...And yet they do not." Unarin murmurs, a strange look playing upon his face. The First Founder leans back and touches his chin while lowering his eyes to the table before him. "How strange. Perhaps they are too mindless to precisely target planetary coordinates? No. That cannot be the case. We would surely have stumbled across hundreds of Plagueborn floating in the void, individuals who misjudged their 'jump' locations by half a lightyear or so. The void is incredibly vast. Making a precise landing upon a planet must be all but impossible for a species like them, and yet they manage to do so on a reliable basis."

Jason shares a similar strange expression as the First Founder.

"Unarin, is it possible... well, is it possible the Plague really are just some entity working on behalf of a much more powerful and conniving foe? Perhaps this dragon...?"

"If so, it would explain a great many things." Unarin says. "As I said before, I believe the Plague's goal is not only to consume and assimilate, but to spread fear and terror. It is as if they are a biological weapon of vengeance. It's not enough that they ultimately consume and destroy my people, but also cause us despair. As for the recent attack on Sharmur, it was the first time the Plague fell upon a demon-controlled world, but not the first time it devoured a world owned by a non-Volgrim species. Although..."

Unarin cocks his head, then lifts his eyes to look at Raphael and Jason.

"It is strange. Are you aware that the Plague only consumes intelligent life?"

"I beg your pardon?" Jason asks. "What do you mean? Like, it ignores animals?"

"That is correct. The Plague does not infect simple creatures or beasts of burden. It only infests the bodies and minds of creatures rated above a zero-point-five on the Vol-wareness Quotient. Any species below that, it strictly ignores. It will infest goblins, orcs, fairies, Volgrim... but to use examples from your homeworld of Earth, it will not infest the bodies of cows, rats, or even Dolphins. Perhaps 'vengeance' truly is its main goal."

"Verily, Unarin," Raphael says, changing the topic somewhat abruptly. "A question resteth upon my mind. Earlier, thou spoketh of the Codex, yet failed to elaborate on how Emperor Lucifer played into thy designs. Art we to believe that Lucifer is some sort of magic species-unlocking mechanism?"

If Unarin is bothered about the shift in topics, he doesn't show it on his face.

"That's right. Earth was a unique world filled with species from all across the galaxy. We believe that when Lucifer obtained her powers, she became capable of creating life forms spread by the dragons. When dragon energy lands upon a planet, it enriches the world with life energy, allowing the seeds of creation to take hold. As for why Lucifer was able to harness the unified power of draconic creation, it seems quite obvious now, doesn't it?"

Unarin snorts.

"Leviathan gave her his power directly. It is entirely possible he allowed her to tap into the unified DNA of all dragons, and so she became capable of creating any life which existed as a result of dragonkind's spread."

"You're only guessing." Jason says. "Maybe there's some other reason."

"It is the most likely one, given the circumstances." Unarin says coolly.

For a brief moment, all three men fall silent. Jason communicates with Fiona in his Mind Realm, and after they exchange insights, he returns to the topic at hand.

"The Kolvaxians don't infect lower-intelligence creatures. They ignore them. They most likely teleport to worlds through the use of the Cosmic Realm. Furthermore, they may be moving slowly specifically to cause the Volgrim and other Sentients as much emotional and mental distress as possible. And finally, a dragon might be involved, as well as Emperor Gressil. Have I missed anything?"

"That seems about everything." Unarin replies. "Can you think of a way to convert a Kolvaxian back to its original body? Surely your Wordsmithing must have some effect?"

Jason chews his lower lip. "I don't think I can directly apply the effect of a Word of Power to a Kolvaxian. They have the same energy field as Gressil protecting them, so my magic won't have any direct effect..."

He pauses.

"Though a voice in my head tells me I might still be able to use my reality-defying abilities to create a _device_ that can revert their forms. Unarin, you said before the Kolvaxians would self-immolate to ash if you captured them alive. How does that work?"

The First Founder waves his hand. He conjures a video feed above the table of a group of Psions on some remote planet surrounding a Kolvaxian, yanking it into the air, and attempting to place special restraints upon it.

Before they can complete their task, the monster opens its mouth, releases a soundless cry, and... fizzles away!

It dissolves into ash, as if an invisible fire had consumed it and burned every last molecule of its body to nothingness.

Jason blinks twice. "Okay. That's alarming."

"For these creatures to exhibit such an ability, perhaps they mayest possess a link to one another? Some sort of magical or non-magical connection?" Raphael posits.

"A mental link. Yes. It's quite obvious they do." Unarin replies. "Though we aren't certain as to the details. If we assume the Kolvaxians have some sort of magical link to one another, we still have to uncover a method to decrypt or block it. My best Changelings have tried for decades to do so, yet all of their efforts have failed."

Jason goes quiet. He stares at Unarin for a few moments before slowly blinking.

"You know, Unarin. If your best scientists and geniuses cannot think of a method, there is another way."

Unarin narrows his eyes.

"...You want me to give you Solomon's Crown."

"Oh? Are you a Psion in disguise?" Jason asks. "Your mind-reading skills aren't bad."

"I've been waiting for you to bring it up." Unarin says. "You may _not_ have the Knowledge-Seeker's relic. I've hidden it away where none may touch it. The Mind-Thief is not anyone's ally. Not yours, and certainly not mine."

"You stole Solomon's Crown from me." Jason says, lowering his voice to a quiet hiss. He leans forward, while a dark and brooding expression swallows his face. "I don't know how you did it. Perhaps a Psion stole it from atop my head, or perhaps you used some other method. But I know what I saw. You held the Crown during your fancy conference for all of Volgrimkind to see. So, if you expect our relationship to progress any further, you had better hand it to me now. Cut the crap and give me what's mine."

As Jason pushes his presence toward Unarin, the First Founder doesn't visibly react. The Wordsmith's speech splashes against his face without creating a disturbance, then fades into the ether.

"We did not steal the Crown from you." Unarin says dryly. "On the contrary. One of our agents discovered the Crown lying in a random corridor of the Labyrinth. If it was so important to you, why would you drop it in some inexplicable location deep within Hell's depths?"

The Wordsmith pauses. He frowns at this new information.

"...You're lying."

"I'm not." Unarin retorts. "_Please._ If I stole it from you, I'd say I did. Whether I took it from you directly or found it laying around, ultimately I possessed the ability to seize it, and so I did. I won't let the Mind-Thief roam about to sap whatever knowledge he likes from the unwitting. He's far too dangerous."

Jason glances at Raphael. The Archangel of Wisdom lightly shrugs.

"I know not the circumstances behind the Crown's disappearance." Raphael says. "I know only as much as thee."

Jason thinks back to the moment he found the Crown was missing.

In that short period when he found himself unable to wake up, only to do so a minute later and find the Crown was gone...

Did Solomon somehow take control of his body? Did he cast a Word of Power without Jason's consent?

Jason recalls his unconscious 'battle' with Hope, when a sliver of Solomon's will took over Jason's mind and manipulated him, nearly killing Belial.

"Can... can Solomon take over people's bodies?" Jason hesitantly asks.

"I haven't an answer." Unarin says. "Perhaps he can, but perhaps he cannot. He is the Mind-Thief, though. Such an action does lay within the realm of possibility."

Unarin's words cause Jason to sink deeper into doubt. He leans back in his seat and ponder Solomon's last words before he departed.

Perhaps he did, in fact, leave Jason of his own volition. Could he have taken any other actions? And why would he have sent himself to a random hallway in the Labyrinth?

_I'm missing an important clue..._ Jason thinks.

After mulling over the implications for a short while, Jason slowly shakes his head.

"...Alright. Maybe it's better if I don't deal with Solomon. But his artifact is still an item which should rightfully belong to humanity and myself. Not just his artifact, but every other one as well!"

Jason raises his chin.

"I want Excalibur."

Unarin blinks slowly.

"King Arthur's blade? I don't have it."

"Do you think I'm stupid?" Jason asks. "Confessor Vulpanix _said_ you guys had it. Not to mention I saw your broadcast, and you know I did. Stop playing hard to get. It's fucking irritating."

The First Founder rolls his eyes. "Alright. I do have it. And you're not getting it, either."

"Do you want our collaboration to end here?" Jason asks.

"Heh." Unarin chuckles humorlessly. "Do _you_?"

"What is that supposed to mean?"

"Use your head, Wordsmith." Unarin replies. "Our relationship so far is tenuous, but essential. You need my resources, and I need your skills. I can assist you in building up humanity's strength to a point where you can help us battle the Plague. But do you really think I'm going to give you access to the greatest mind among humankind, or Camael's mightiest artifact? Think again."

He continues. "I have no reason to trust that you won't immediately turn the divine blade against me in the future. It's better it stays safe and secure in my vaults."

After a momentary pause, Unarin adds: "And I can't give it away right now, anyway. My researchers are making good _use_ of its abundant magical power source."

"What are you doing with it?" Jason asks, narrowing his eyes. "I'm not comfortable with the species that annihilated humanity possessing humanity's greatest weapon."

"Bah! Your 'greatest weapon'!" Unarin guffaws. "Pathetic. Just one Eighth-Ranked Psion could lay to waste that so-called 'Hero-King' and we've five of them. Excalibur is indeed only slightly weaker than a Primordial artifact, but compared to the might of Volgrim civilization, it is merely a quaint and useful mud-dweller relic that we can use to broaden our understanding of magical metaphysics."

"If it's so quaint, then surely you won't mind giving it up." Jason says quietly.

"It would become a weapon of mass destruction in your hands." Unarin replies, his voice equally low. "I already know that the scope of your abilities are limited by the quantity and quality of the mana within yourself. If you were to obtain Excalibur, you could unleash effects tens of thousands of times greater than any you've displayed in the past. Forgive me, Wordsmith, but I have yet to come to trust you with wielding such power."

"You're terrified I'd turn Excalibur against you." Jason snaps back. "Admit the truth."

"Oh, certainly, that is one of my concerns." Unarin admits. "But do you really think it's my primary concern? Excalibur is extremely dangerous. The divine blade has a mind of its own."

Unarin suddenly pauses. A smile crooks upon the corner of his lip. He turns to look at Raphael.

"Oh. Did you not tell the Wordsmith, Raphael? About what happened to Arthur, I mean? About the _mistake_ he made when wielding Camael's mightiest artifact?"

Jason frowns. He glances at Raphael.

"Hm? What mistake? What's Unarin talking about?"

The Archangel of Wisdom sighs for the tenth time in as many days.

"The Greatest Sinner. That is the title King Arthur assumed... after that day..."

He slowly shakes his head.

"'Twas not Arthur's fault. His wife had suffered immeasurably. The blade spoke to his wrath. In that moment, he lost control. Ten million souls, extinguished in the blink of an eye. Demons, humans, and even a Titan King. An entire human city vanished that day, never to be seen again."

"Excalibur is dangerous." Unarin says. "Some Terran brat with only six cycles of experience should not place its hilt within his grasp. Even if you were Founder Dosena herself, my closest ally, I would not trust you with such a dangerous weapon."

"As far as humans go, I'm a fully grown adult." Jason says. "I don't appreciate your constant condescension toward my age. If you're so old and wise, why even rely on a stupid young idiot like me to deal with this Plague? Maybe it's time you start showing me some genuine sincerity. I want Solomon's Crown and Excalibur. Period. End of story."

No matter how Jason pushes, Unarin doesn't give an inch.

"Your insistence will not change my mind nor sway me to action." Unarin says. "You need me as much as I need you, but neither of us needs you to possess the Mind-Thief's artifact, nor an unimaginably destructive weapon."

"What can I do to convince you otherwise?" Jason asks.

"Absolutely nothing."

The Wordsmith presses Unarin a few more times, but eventually gives up when he sees Unarin won't concede.

"You know I could hunt the artifacts down and take them by force, right?" Jason asks.

"You could try." Unarin says, smiling. "If you want to find out just how much power my Psions _actually_ wield."

"I don't have a pressing need for either artifact now." Jason says. "But if that changes in the future, don't think I won't make a move. Underestimate my Wordsmithing at your own risk."

"Trust me, Jason Hiro." Unarin whispers. "I never underestimate _anyone_."

The two continue exchanging light barbs and dry words for a while as the Gallax system crumbles. Unable to save any of the world's populace, the Wordsmith ultimately gives up for the moment, deciding that he and his two wives will have to work on a solution when he returns home.

Unarin presses a button on the table.

"Muuxunuu. Set course back to Volgarius. Warp 9."

"Yes, First Founder." Muuxunuu replies, her limpid voice transmitting over the craft's speakers. "We are only able to make seven more jumps at maximum warp. Please keep this in mind moving forward."

As the Founder's Spear starts to ignite its warp drive, Jason glances at Unarin.

"What's all this about limited jumps? Something we need to worry about?"

"All Volgrim vessels run on Trifrancium." Unarin explains. "It is the most energetic compound in the universe, capable of restoring its own energy over time, in a similar manner to Excalibur. It allows ships to jump to warp at speeds of Warp 6 or lower without ever running out of fuel. At Warp 7, 8, and 9, the Trifrancium will deplete faster than it can restore itself. Warp 9 is especially stressful, and will cause the ship to permanently deplete its reserves far too quickly to be of much use to anyone but VIP's in a rush to a distant location. Generally, we Volgrim limit our speed to Warp 6 when traveling to ensure their reserves never deplete."

"Smart." Jason says, not especially caring. The Founder's Spear departs the Gallax system with a flicker of motion, leaving the Plagueborn to their fates.

All the while, Jason's thoughts fixate on images of Excalibur and Solomon's Crown...

Raphael continues to sit beside Jason, quietly glowering at Unarin while the First Founder smiles back.

"We've yet to settle our accounts." Raphael murmurs. "I resent thee, Volgrim. I resent thy existence, and the actions thou hath taken which brought my species to ruin."

"You trashed my armada quite well." Unarin says. "Next time, you won't catch my Psions off-guard. A Confessor might not be your match, but what about an Executor, hmm? I'd be interested in finding out how my best stack up to a monster from the Primordial Era..."

Raphael reveals a cold, sinister smile.

"Perhaps thou shalt not enjoy the results of such a matchup, _First Founder._ Thou shoulds't pray we do not come to blows a second time, lest I travel directly to thy homeworld and take care of thee myself."

Unarin gurgles a vile laugh in the back of his throat.

"Heh heh heh... the Plague might be unstoppable, old monster..."

"...but _you_ are not."