Part 206: The Plains of Pain

Elsewhere in the galaxy, somewhere on a distant planet far removed from the Labyrinth, a giant mass of monsters clumps together and performs various drills assigned to them by their military instructor.

Artorias, the current possessor of Barbatos's body, paces back and forth as he fixates his piercing gaze on the nearest cluster of trainees. Five hundred goblins and two hundred orcs work together in twos and threes, performing all manner of assigned drills. One orc braces a giant log on its head, allowing his two goblin partners to punch and kick it relentlessly to hone their endurance. Two other goblins nearby tug on a mannequin, trying to rip its arms off like they would a filthy fleshbag.

Artorias glances upward, at the pale green sky. This world, unlike Hell Harbor, is one where any demon or monster may come to train outside of the Labyrinth. However, the poisonous rain, which occasionally falls from its skies, chokes the life from its land, preventing a diverse array of wildlife from forming. Only the fiercest creatures roam the planet, those capable of surviving under the harshest conditions.

Basilisks. Hydras. Gorgons. Wyrms. 

Weaker monsters occasionally come for various reasons, but they never stay for long. They can't, lest they become food for those who would prey on them.

This world is a hellish nightmare — a place where the strong come to thrive, and the weak, to suffer.

_This world is Grimvolas, Bulwark of the Ancients._

Artorias exhales through his nose. He lowers his gaze from the sky to the trainees, all of whom will help spearhead Operation Stormbringer. He strides into the middle of the pack, keeping a sharp eye out for lazy weaklings and those unfit for combat. 

His eyes laser onto a small pack of goblins. One of them, a black-skinned fellow with stouter muscles than the rest, cackles shrilly as he gloats to anyone who will listen.

-right! Everyone say fleshbags in Core big and strong! Wrong! They not tough like me! Me big hobby-gobby! Me kick their butts!"

"Whaaat?" A different, green-colored goblin says, confusion on his face. "You no hobby-gobby! You obby-gobby! If you was hobby-gobby, you'd be runnin' the clan!"

The black-skinned fellow, an Obsidian Goblin, slaps his arms and grins. "Psh, who cares! That just dumb name! Once war over, all the femmies'll beg me to mate them! Me be hobby-gobby before ya know it!"

A tiny shriveled-looking fellow gazes at his obsidian cousin mournfully. "Me wish me could be obby-gobby too... some guys get all th' good luck..."

"Bahaha! It's true!" The obsidian goblin laughs. "Skin so tough, nobody can hurt me! Just try! You can't do shit! You too weak!"

A young goblin, new to the group, takes a step forward. "C-can I touch? I wanna know what obby skin feels like..."

"Psh. If you ain't scared, go ahead!" The obsidian goblin laughs. He leans forward, holds out his arm, and flexes his muscles, allowing the younger goblin to come closer.

The younger goblin squeezes his cousin's arm. His eyes light up with excitement. "Wow! You just like rock! You feel pain?"

"Nah, not even a little," The obsidian goblin brags. "Between you'n me, me armor even tougher than commander's! Ol' Barby ain't nothin' compared t'me!"

Having heard enough, Artorias steps forward. The instant his boot strikes the dirt, all of the goblins whirl to face him. Their faces pale in terror, realizing he's spotted them slacking off. The obsidian goblin looks even worse than the rest. He practically shits himself.

"A little bird told me you think my brother is weak," Artorias says, his voice deadly calm. "But perhaps I misheard."

The obsidian goblin freezes. It takes several seconds before he can spit out a response. "Y-y-yeah! Whoops! Me musta misspoke! Err, ahh, me words got twisted, b-b-big boss! Me meant say yer armor was b-b-better'n me skin! Yeah..."

Artorias stays silent for a moment. Seeing the looks of terror on the goblin's faces, he merely sighs.

"Don't worry. I'm not going to kill anyone. I'm not like other demons who explode with rage at the slightest insult. However, if you don't get back to your drills, I might have to administer some... _discipline._"

A sigh of relief sweeps through the goblin ranks. Immediately, they jump back into position and begin sparring with each other, throwing vicious jabs and punches to try and impress the Demon Duke towering over them.

"Anything for you, big boss!"

"No slackin' off for us!"

"We on the job!"

Artorias gazes through the pitch-black metal helmet covering his face. Before the obsidian goblin can join his friends, Artorias shakes his head. "No. You come with me."

The obsidian goblin turns to look at Artorias with a hint of fear. His voice cracks as he squeaks out a single word. "M-me?"

"That's right. _You._"

The obsidian goblin lowers his head. He trudges along behind Artorias, a look of death on his face.

_Me doomed._

...

A minute later, Artorias and the obsidian goblin step away from the hardworking platoon. Artorias passes the torch to a nearby Demon Baron, ordering him to take over temporarily. Once the Baron leaves, Artorias clears his throat.

"You. What is your name, goblin?"

The goblin shivers. "H-Hungry, sir."

Artorias raises an eyebrow. "I didn't ask when last you ate."

"N-nah, boss... me name... Hungry."

Artorias sighs. "Right. Sometimes I forget how idiotic monster names can be. Alright, 'Hungry,' I have a few questions for you."

Hungry rubs his three-fingered claws together. He trembles even harder as Artorias's gaze falls on him. "Me sorry, boss. Me so sorry! P-please forgive me! Me would n-never make fun of you! Not in million years!"

"Hm? Oh, that. I don't care about what you said earlier. No, instead, I need to ask you a question regarding Obsidian Goblins. How much do you know about them?"

Upon realizing Artorias isn't mad about his comments from earlier, Hungry visibly relaxes. "Obby-gobbys? Me not know much, big boss. Me elders said they tell me more after big battle."

"Obsidian Goblins are quite rare," Artorias murmurs. "Yet, for some reason, several hundred recently appeared on the human's capital world, Tarus II. Tell me, Hungry, how might that be possible? Given the rarity of Obsidian Goblins, how could so many crawl out of the woodwork when I know of fewer than a dozen living within the Labyrinth?"

Hungry shrugs. "No clue! Hobby-gobby elders no tell me nothing!"

"I see. You don't know anything."

Artorias's burning gaze leaves the goblin. He stares into the distance, pondering the recent events from a few days prior.

"Hundreds of obsidian goblins. Elemental wyverns. A Hydra. Something isn't right. Why do I start feeling uneasy whenever I think about Operation Stormbringer? Ose is overlooking something important. So am I."

Artorias scrunches his face up. He continues staring into the distance, trying with all his might to connect the puzzle pieces.

"Two Wordsmiths, both capable of unthinkable feats of magic. Have demons ever truly beaten a Hero? If we take their souls, the Heroic Aura will inevitably manifest again. Even if it takes a hundred thousand years, it always returns. A specter from the past. Darkness filled with enmity and hate."

"Um... b-big boss...?"

Hungry rubs his hands together sheepishly. He shrinks back in fright when Artorias glances down at him.

"You're still here? Go. I've nothing more to say to the likes of you."

The obsidian goblin quickly nods. He slinks backward, then races away, leaving Artorias in his dust. "Me be good from now on! No more say bad things!"

Artorias rolls his eyes. "Suit yourself."

The Demon Duke once again returns to his duties. He continues whipping a batch of nearby orcs into shape, using his words to insult their strength and agitate their bloodthirsty urges.

However, his thoughts continue to wander, providing him with ceaseless, neverending questions.

Suddenly, a voice from behind Artorias startles him from his musings.

"Yo! Arty, boy! What the heck're you up to, bub?"

Bael, the Duke of Pain, swaggers over to Artorias. He reaches behind himself and sticks a finger down the back of his underwear, scratching his ass without a care in the world.

Artorias turns around to greet his friend, eye-to-eye. "Bael? I didn't know Ose stationed you here."

Bael laughs. "Bahaha, you think that broad can tell me what to do? Nah. I just wanted to pop over and see what you were up to! I hear Grimvolas is the _pits_."

Artorias nods. "Yes. We've suffered several bursts of acid rain today already. The weather here is remarkably brutal."

"You holdin' up okay?"

Artorias nods. "As well as can be expected in these trying times."

Bael continues to stare at Artorias, but his expression turns slightly more sympathetic. "Had any flare-ups?"

"No. I haven't detected Uriel's mana even once in the last six years. She's gone completely dormant."

"But the bitch is still in there, ain't she?"

"Undoubtedly, along with my brother."

Bael falls silent. He rubs his chin and nods along as if answering some unspoken question lingering in the air.

"No Barbatos, and no Uriel. Bad news mixed with good. You don't think your brother... y'know... died?"

Artorias shrugs. "I believe not, but I cannot say for certain."

"Good enough for me," Bael grunts. "Anyway, I didn't come here to chit-chat. I wanted to invite you ta' my place on Hell Harbor. I thought we could hang out together for a while, y'know? Just like the old times, back before that angel bitch fucked you up."

Artorias shakes his head. "I am busy, Duke of Pain. I must train these recruits. That was the task assigned to me by the Third Emperor."

Bael rolls his eyes. "Oh, bloody hell, man. Who cares? Do you think a couple hundred orcs and goblins'll make any difference? Even if you train 'em to be total killers, they ain't never gonna be useful for anything but moppin' up the leftovers. You'n me'll be doin' all the heavy lifting."

Artorias falters. "Maybe so, but Emperor Ose ordered me-"

"I don't care what that bimbo said," Bael says, waving his hand flippantly. "Sheesh. You always did pay way too much attention to rules'n shit. How long has it been since you got to move around in a whole-ass body, Arty? A few thousand years? Tens of thousands? You gotta stop being so uptight and smell the roses once in a while."

Bael jerks his thumb over his shoulder, indicating the direction of Grimvolas's warpgate.

"Come on, pal. I'm tryin' ta' help you out, here. What if ol' Barby wakes up, and you go sleepy-bye again, eh? Now might be your last chance to have a little fun before that Operation Storm-thunder-clap-boom thing."

Artorias lowers his eyes. "Fun..."

"Yeah! Barby never got into Sticks 'n Bones, but I bet it'd be right up your alley. Come on, come on!"

Bael grabs Artorias's arm and drags him along. Artorias starts to protest, but Bael shuts him down.

"Nuh-uh. I'm the First Duke, pal. You wanna follow orders? Follow mine. Unless you think you can beat me and take my job. That could be fun, too."

Artorias lessens his resistance. Reluctantly, he falls into step behind Bael and trudges along; his head hung low. "I have no desire to rule. Leadership means nothing to me."

"Great. That's somethin' you, me, 'n Barbatos've all got in common," Bael replies. 

The two Demon Dukes stomp along in silence for several minutes. Their heavy feet create depressions in the soft, acrid soil, sending maggots skittering in every direction. 

As they walk, Artorias raises his head. A mountain to the west catches his attention. On one of its many plateaus, the eagle-eyed Duke spots a few figures moving about; their bodies shrouded in thick cloaks.

"Hm? Hold a moment, Bael. Up there, on that cliff... are those... Overlords?"

Bael and Artorias slow to a stop. The Duke of Pain follows his comrade's gaze, where he spots the rag-wearing figures skulking about on the cliff's face.

"Heh. You don't get out of the Labyrinth much, do ya?"

Artorias shakes his head. "No. My brother rarely leaves the mermaid caves. Their serene and peaceful nature helps him forget our shared pain."

"Mmm. Yeah, well, a lot's happened since the Energy Wars. Those punks up there... they're called, ehm..."

Bael scratches his chin. He pauses for half a minute to think about his words. As he and Artorias stare at the cliff-face, the distant figures quickly realize they've been spotted. They retreat behind a boulder and enter a cave embedded in the mountainside, disappearing from view.

"Duh... Dol... Dol-something-rather," Bael mutters. Suddenly, a lightbulb pops up above his head. "Oh, right! _Dolgrim._ That's what those punks're called. They're like ancient Volgrim or something. Real sneaky, primitive, and nasty, from what I've seen. It's no wonder they live on a shithole like Grimvolas. Sheesh. At least they keep to themselves."

Artorias nods. The Duke's eyes turn glossy for a moment as he digs into his memories. "Mmm. Yes, Dolgrimites. I've heard people mention them once or twice. I've never seen them in the flesh, though."

Bael shrugs. He returns his attention toward the warpgate and continues walking. "Eh. If you've seen one Dolgrim, you've seen 'em all. Ain't nothin' special about 'em, 'cept they don't like strangers. Anyway, forget those guys. When was the last time ol' Barbatos came over to my place? I had the girls put in all kinds of fun stuff recently. You'll love it."

Artorias follows Bael's lead. He falls into step beside the Duke of Pain and returns his attention to the topic at hand.

"...I must admit, in between the agony scorching my soul for tens of thousands of years, I _have_ occasionally felt twinges of boredom at the monotony of my existence."

Bael punches his palm. "Hell yeah! That's the spirit, Arty! We're gonna have a good devil-damned time, just the two of us!"

Artorias sighs. "Alright. I will follow your lead, Duke of Pain."

---

_Five hours later._

Bael and Artorias stand atop a gigantic winged beast, a bird as black as night. Each of its feathers are nearly two feet long, while its body stretches almost fifty feet from head to tail.

The monstrous bird, a Hellraven, screeches and caws as it soars over the plains of Hell Harbor. Thousands of trees race past beneath the Duke of Pain and his comrade as they fly over mountains and across rivers.

Along the way, Bael points at a gigantic obelisk standing five hundred feet tall. At its base, a dead forest encircles it in a huge radius, giving it the appearance of a graveyard.

"Yo, Arty! You ever been to Mephisto's shack?"

Artorias narrows his eyes. "I avoid the Hall of the Damned. Such a place is not somewhere the living should tread."

"Bahaha! It ain't all bad!" Bael laughs. "Some of the undead girls ain't too shabby-looking! Ol' Mephisto's even got a few angel corpses hangin' around in there. Sometimes I like to pop by and remember the good old days."

"Oh?" Artorias asks. "Angel corpses? What of their souls?"

Bael waves his hand. "Long dead. Don't you remember? Angels die if they don't get enough mana. They're always leakin' that crap all over the carpet."

"Mmm. Right. That makes sense," Artorias mutters.

The Hellraven flaps its wings, catches an updraft, and soars several hundred feet higher than before, rushing toward the summit of the tallest mountain in the region. The moment it reaches the top, the bird passes overhead and surges downward, aiming for its base on the other side.

"Whoa! Hahaha, easy there, bird-brain!" Bael yells. He laughs as he struggles to keep his footing. Standing atop a Hellraven while it flies is no mean feat. It's only thanks to his ascended demon physiology and millennia of honing his instincts that he doesn't fall off and tumble down the bluff.

Eventually, the Hellraven slows its flight and comes to a gentle landing before a gigantic, hundred-acre mansion located smack in the middle of the forest. However, much like Mephisto's obelisk, countless trees have been cleared away, allowing the estate to sit in a wide-open clearing free of the foliage.

The moment the bird lands, Artorias flicks his eyes around, taking in the sights.

Hundreds of gigantic animals, monsters, and mutant freaks sit in cages and pens dotted around the villa. They screech, howl, and roar at the newly arrived guests, only to fall silent when they realize it's their owner who has returned.

Along with the caged beasts, hundreds of gorgeous women stand in clumps and groups here and there. Many of them attend to the animal's needs, while others till the fields, clean the villa, or otherwise fulfill the duties any experienced servant might perform.

"Human women, demon women, Felaris girls, even a minotaur cow or two. You have quite the collection of species here, Bael," Artorias muses.

Bael hops off the Hellraven and gives it a few scratches under its beak, causing it to caw softly. "Heh, damn right, bub. What can I say? I love the bitches, and the bitches love me."

Artorias levitates off the Hellraven by wrapping magnetic energy around his armor. When he touches the ground, he sighs. "Yes. I am sure they do."

By the time Bael and Artorias have stepped foot on the main path leading into the estate, most of the women outside have already noticed them. A flood of females comes rushing over, all of them waving while yelling Bael's name.

"Master Bael is back!"

"I told you he'd visit today! I always know when he's coming!"

"Master Bael, I'll draw up your bath right away!"

Bael holds up his hands, silencing the throng of women as they slow to a stop before him. "Girls, please, haha. Let's bring the energy down a little. I brought one of my buddies here today. Name's Artorias. He's a little shy, so let's treat him real good, aight?"

As Bael speaks, one of the minotaur women stomps over to him. With the head and legs of a cow, but the midsection and arms of a human, her appearance is remarkably attention-grabbing. She wears elaborately stitched leather clothing, accentuating her curves, while also making her animal parts that much more onerous.

The minotaur woman bows slightly before Bael. "Master, you've returned."

Bael stops. He puts his hand behind his back and nods. "That's right, Giselle, I'm back. Alright, go on. Haul off."

Before Artorias can ask what Bael means, the minotaur woman raises her thick, muscular fist, lunges toward the Duke of Pain, and blasts him right in the face. Bael goes tumbling backward and slams onto his ass, momentarily stunned by her vicious strength.

Artorias stares in disbelief. "Bael! What in the name of..."

However, the girls behind Giselle seem unconcerned for the Duke's well-being. One dark-skinned human girl laughs into her hand. "Haha! Master Bael didn't even flinch that time!"

"I know!" A yellow-skinned succubus replies. "He always closes his eyes, but not today! He must be showing off for his friend!"

Bael pulls himself to his feet. Despite taking a punch that would have shattered the facial bones of a weaker demon, he appears wholly unaffected.

"Not bad, Giselle. You've really improved!"

Giselle nods. "It is all because of your training, Master Bael."

Artorias's bewildered expression only intensifies. "I... I don't understand. Why would you-"

Before Artorias can finish his sentence, Bael rears his fist back, lunges toward Giselle, and blasts her in the face. His body, the peak of demonic strength, sends the minotaur hurtling away. By the time she's started flying backward, the crowd has parted behind her, as if having anticipated Bael's response. Giselle crashes into a giant statue of Bael, shatters its leg, and eventually grinds to a halt on its opposite side.

Artorias's eyes grow as wide as saucers. This time, the Duke of Steel finds himself at a total loss for words. He swallows one shallow breath after another, completely dumbfounded by the sight he's just witnessed.

Within moments, Giselle pulls herself to her feet. She calmly walks over to Bael and brushes dust off her shoulder, her body uninjured.

"Master. What have I told you before?"

Bael turns his head away, unable to meet her gaze. He laughs awkwardly. "Ah... ahaha... I'm pretty dumb, sweetie. You know me. I forget things easily."

Giselle shakes her head. "I hate it when you hold back. I barely even felt that punch. Next time, put more spirit into your retort. What sort of bull shows his mate disrespect by holding back?"

Bael blushes. "Ehehe, sorry, cutie. I just hate hitting women. It don't feel right, ya know?"

Giselle sighs. "_Men._ I'll go and help the kitchen prepare your feast. Fetch me when you're ready."

Without another word, the minotaur woman turns and walks away, her hooves _clopping_ against the paved ground all the while.

Once she leaves, the other girls come a little closer and start eagerly touching Bael. "Master! Kiki made you a beautiful new quilt while you were gone! And Fermi wanted to know if she and Silvia could go on a little vacation to the beach next month! Oh, oh, and we were hoping you could get a few Newts up here soon for another riding competition! It was such fun the last time we did it!"

Bael grins. He wraps his arm around one of the Felaris females while caressing the cheek of a nearby human girl. "Haha, sure, sure. You know me. I can't ever turn one of you ladies down. Let's worry about that small stuff later, though. Today is all about making Artorias feel welcome. Come on, girls! Let's bust a move. This poor guy hasn't had a good time with a woman in ages!"

The moment Bael brings up Artorias, all of the women snap their heads in his direction. However, instead of the fear that most Labyrinth denizens show the Duke of Steel, not a single woman has an expression of anything other than curiosity.

"Oh, wow! He's a good-looking guy!"

"Check out his armor! It must weigh a ton! I bet he could take one of Giselle's punches!"

"Ten coins says he's a stud in the sheets. Master Bael only brings his best friends to visit!"

Three dozen demon, human, and monster women crowd around Artorias, causing him to flinch reflexively. "I... I, ah..."

"Oh my gosh, look at him! Artorias is sooo shy! Master Bael wasn't kidding. We've got some hard work ahead of us if we're going to break him out of his shell!"

Sweat drips down Artorias's face. It slides around inside his helmet, making him extremely uneasy.

_Perhaps coming here was the wrong decision. I should have known Bael would have ulterior motives._

Bael smirks. "Kid, you're 'bout to have the time of your life."

---

"...and this over here is the spanking room! Some of my girls spend way too much time in there! Bahaha!"

Artorias strolls down the main hallway of Bael's expansive manor, his fellow Duke pointing out various locations of interest as they travel. Unlike before, only a dozen women follow after them, the rest having stayed behind outside to finish their assigned tasks.

Artorias glowers at the Duke of Pain. "A spanking room. Bael, sometimes I wonder about you."

"What? It's all in good fun, Arty-boy! Don't you know that pain is the path to pleasure?"

Artorias slows to a stop. He stares at Bael for a moment as the Duke of Pain also pauses.

"Can... can you repeat that?"

Bael shrugs. "Nope. I already forgot what I said."

Artorias frowns. "You said that pain was the path to pleasure. What did you mean?"

Bael glances at the girls following him. Immediately, one of the dark-skinned human women answers in Bael's stead.

"Master Bael is a demon with a unique constitution. Because his body is all but invincible, he does not have the same sense of touch that others possess. For him, being able to experience pain is akin to feeling pleasure. Thus, he built this manor and established the principle of 'pain is pleasure.'"

Bael pats the girl's head. "That's right. Megan always knows what ta' say."

However, despite Megan's words, Artorias's expression darkens noticeably. "Pain is _not_ pleasure — what a load of nonsense. Are you trying to tell me that I should have enjoyed the agony wracking my soul for the past hundred thousand years? You know nothing of pain, Bael."

Bael's smile vanishes. His expression turns complex as he listens to the bitterness in Artorias's voice.

"I get it, pal. Not fully, but I get it. You've been hurtin' for a while, Arty-boy. A long, long time."

Bael steps toward Artorias and pats his shoulder.

"That's the real reason I brought you here, pal. I know you've had it rough. We ain't even spoken since the last time that bitch made a mess of Hell. I'm here to help you out, man. You've gotta go beyond all that past trauma."

Bael continues walking, forcing Artorias to fall into step beside him.

"How am I supposed to 'go beyond' the pain of my existence? Have you any idea how many times I've wished Barbatos would kill himself? His death would release me from my suffering and permanently end the threat Uriel poses to our people."

Bael nods. "Yeah, but he didn't. Barbatos is a tough kid. He never gave up. He continued living, despite how dying would free him from his pain. Why d'ya think that is?"

The Duke of Pain smiles at Artorias.

"And why ain't _you_ killed yourself, if you've been waitin' for a chance all this time? You've got control, Arty-boy. What's holding you back?"

"This body is my brother's," Artorias replies, his tone solemn. "It's not my place to destroy it. Even if I could eliminate my soul and nothing else, I'd never leave Barbatos alone with that wicked Archangel. She'd crush him in seconds. Only our combined power keeps Uriel at bay."

"Sounds like you're making excuses," Bael mutters. "That's the difference between you and Barbatos. Even with all the pain he endures every day, your little bro never gives up. He continues living, all because he wants to see a better future for his people."

Artorias snorts. "I'm sure there's more to my brother's stubbornness than that."

"Mhm. For sure."

...

The two Dukes eventually arrive in a gigantic dining hall, complete with exquisitely designed bamboo chairs, tapestries hanging off the walls, and a Chinese aura lingering within the area. Paper lanterns hang from the ceiling, their combined light proving more than satisfactory for illuminating the chamber. The two Dukes seat themselves at the center of the table, allowing room for the women to file off and seat themselves to the left and right of their masters.

Once Bael and Artorias take their seats across from each other, multiple girls file into the room, each carrying giant trays of food.

"Oh, damn, Betsy must've gone all-out!" Bael says, his eyes lighting up excitedly. "Spit-roasted Juwallapy? Bigornel Stew? Daaaaamn! I'm gonna pig out!"

Artorias stares, unmoving, as Bael's girls place dozens of food trays on the table. They open the lids, revealing all manner of meats, soups, fruits, and vegetables. A sumptuous aroma immediately fills the room, and soon, the hundred or so women begin to salivate as they gaze at the food expectantly.

"It's been more than a month since you last returned," Megan says. As one of the longest-serving among Bael's servants, she takes a seat at his right side, placing herself in the second most important position at the table. "We've collected a vast amount of food in preparation for your return. We want nothing more than for you to enjoy yourself."

Bael sweeps his gaze around the room, admiring the assorted colors and species arranged at his table. "Hah, this is the life: good food, and good women. Thanks, ladies. You girls always make my day."

A pleasant atmosphere pervades the dining hall. The women grin at one another, pleased with their master's reaction.

Moments later, Bael moves his hands. What follows is a scene of carnage.

The Duke of Pain opens his mouth wider than creatures from horror movies. He stuffs a bird the size of a turkey into his maw and begins furiously chewing. It takes him mere moments to swallow the well-cooked animal and move onto a fruit the size of a watermelon.

_Chomp!_

Bael wraps his lips around the skinless fruit. His eyes bulge with excitement as he turns the soft, juicy food into mulch. In the time it takes for Artorias to remember the fruits' name, Bael has already finished it and moved onto the next entree.

All around the table, similar scenes of carnage take place. Bael's harem descends into a frenzied scene of disorder and chaos. The women grab plates and bowls, ladle food into whatever they can, and begin wolfing down everything in sight like a pack of starving hyenas.

"Ohm-muh-gawd!" One human woman yells. "Thish fud ish sho gud!"

Her words are barely comprehensible through the mash of meat and cheese rolling around in her chaw.

Artorias stares, his eyes fixated on Bael, as the Duke of Pain shovels mountains of food into his facehole. Bael pauses for only a moment to glance at Artorias.

"Washa matter, bro?! You gunna eat, or what?"

With Bael's mouth stuffed full of something resembling chicken, Artorias can barely understand him. He shakes his head.

"Um. No. I don't have much of an appetite."

"Shuit yourshelf!" Bael guffaws. He resumes devouring his food, leaving Artorias to stare like a shellshocked soldier, one who has seen things that will haunt him for the rest of his life.

_Devils. I had no idea these fair and gracious ladies would go to such lengths to mimic their master._

Despite there being enough food to feed an entire village, Bael and his harem manage to devour the whole feast, lick all the bowls and plates clean, and lean back in their chairs within half an hour, leaving Artorias dumbfounded.

"Where do you put everything?" Artorias asks. "Is your stomach a bottomless pit?"

"Something like that," Bael mutters. He lets out a violent belch, making several of the girls laugh. Ten or so burps and farts go up around the table, making all of them laugh even harder. 

"Devils. You are everything I imagined you to be," Artorias mutters.

...

An hour later, Bael and Artorias plop down in one of the manor's many luxurious living rooms. Megan sits beside Bael, along with a cute pink-haired succubus. Her blood-red eyes and yellow skin reveal her identity as an Albino demon, someone born with inverted eyes and skin color. 

Bael jerks his thumb toward the succubus. "Artorias, this cutie here is Chryssie. I know I've been tugging you around all day, pal, but I just wanted to loosen you up a bit. You feeling alright, now?"

Artorias sighs. "I'm just _dandy._"

"Great! Well, you probably don't know Chryssie, but she used to be quite the popular lady! Haha. Maybe a little _too_ popular."

Chryssie bats her long eyelashes. She averts her eyes and chooses to look at the floor. "Tarnation. That stuff was a long time ago. Why ya gotta bring all that up, Master Bael?"

The succubus drawls as she speaks, giving her a southern-style accent. 

"I've heard your name before," Artorias says. "You are Chrysanthemum,  the Lord of Mysticism. Your powers revolve around dreams and making fantasies real."

Chryssie blushes. "I'm surprised you've heard of little ol' me. I ain't nobody important."

"Perhaps not," Artorias mutters, "but albino demons are somewhat rare. Those who reach the rank of Lord are few and far between."

Artorias turns his gaze toward Bael. "Alright. Why did you bring me here?"

Bael smiles. "Well, kid, it's like this. You've always been stuck inside your brother's body, unable to do or say anything to the outside world. I thought Chryssie here could help you out. She's a Soul Manipulator, see..."

Artorias stiffens. "A soul manipulator? I thought her powers-"

"I spent a buncha time evolvin' mah abilities," Chryssie replies, her voice soft. "All so I could help Master Bael relax after fightin' in the Slaughterseum. He gets all tense 'n stuff. I figured if I could make his dreams more vivid, he'd love me more."

"I love you plenty, doll," Bael says. He strokes the back of Chryssie's head, making her eyes close for a moment as she soaks in the sensation of his fingers. "Don't go comparing yourself to the other girls. Each of ya is special in your own way."

When Bael retracts his hand, a look of longing passes over Chryssie's face. She quickly plays with her hair to mask her emotions, then returns her gaze to Artorias.

"As... as I was sayin'... I found out mah powers didn't work on Master Bael. No matter what I tried, I couldn't play switcharoo with his dreams. I eventually figgered out why, and it wasn't an easy pill to swallow."

Bael smirks. "Turns out little Chryssie here taps into people's souls. She lets 'em experience memories; she can make their fantasies come true, all kinds of crazy stuff. The problem is, my soul's untouchable. Not even Valac could hurt it, back in the day. You remember Valac, don'tcha?"

Artorias nods. "I do. A vile monster, and the predecessor to Mephisto. He nearly destroyed demonkind to sate his own greed."

Bael laughs. "Yup! I beat the tar out of him this one time. He kept trying to reap my soul, but his stupid scythe couldn't do more than poke my head! He looked like a clown while he was tryin' ta' needle me to death! Bahaha!"

Bael slaps his knee and laughs heartily while reminiscing about the good old days. After a few moments, he settles down and gestures to Chryssie.

"Alright, I'll let you finish, babe."

Chryssie nods. "I kept strengthening mah soul manipulation. Eventually, I was able to tap into mah Master's soul, but only a tiny fragment of it. Still, I managed to help him experience several vivid fantasies. It made me feel..."

Chryssie trails off. She turns to smile at Bael, flashing a look of pure radiance at the obese lump of muscle sitting beside her. Bael smiles back, his expression somehow just as pure as hers.

"I really enjoyed that night, doll. Kicked the shit out of the Archdemon, thanks to you."

Artorias sighs. "What does any of this have to do with me?"

"Everything!" Bael replies. "Tell him."

Chryssie sits up a little straighter. "Mah power ain't only limited to dreams'n fantasies. I can do all sorts of useful stuff, Master Artorias. I know you've been hurtin' 'cause of your imprisonment within Barbatos. Now that you're controllin' his body, I can use mah powers to strengthen your resistance to holy energy. It'll lessen your pain, should that Archangel show up again."

Artorias's eyes fixate on the succubus. "You... you can do that for me? How?"

Chryssie blushes. "W-well, when I finally tapped into Master Bael's soul, I managed to copy a bit of his power. It wasn't much, but for you, it might help ya cope with the pain, assumin' ya go dormant again."

Artorias's breathing quickens. "Devils. If I had known you had this ability, I would have asked Barbatos to come here millennia ago."

"Ahaha... sorry, sweetie-pie. That wouldn't have worked. I can only help ya now 'cause the other two souls went to sleep. As long as that Archangel was alive 'n kicking, she'd probably kill me if I used mah powers on ya."

Artorias tempers his agitation. He nods solemnly and closes his eyes. "I... I see. Forgive me, but I lost control of myself for a moment. Never, not in a million years, did I imagine there existed a way to lessen my suffering. Is that why you brought me here, Bael? To use the Lord of Mysticism's powers on me?"

Bael nods. "Yup. That's right. You wanna do this, or what?"

Artorias doesn't hesitate. "Yes. Tell me what I must do."

Bael grins. "You've got that whole couch to yourself. All you've gotta do is take off your armor and lay back. Let Chryssie handle the rest."

Immediately, Artorias's excitement disappears. "...Take off my armor? No. I cannot."

"What? Why not?" Bael asks. "That she-angel ain't awake, is she?"

"No..." Artorias mumbles. "But, you know the purpose of my armor. Without it, the Archangel's mana would force the demonic energy from Barbatos's body. This armor keeps our mana inside us, allowing it to counteract Uriel's. I... I cannot simply take it off."

Bael laughs. "Haha! Sure, you can. Arty-boy, use your head. We have to help you while that Archangel is sleepin'. Now's the perfect time to strengthen your soul. If we boost you now, then you might be able to catch her off guard later. You might get to beat the shit out of her in Barbatos's Mind Realm! Wouldn't that be fun?"

Artorias falls silent.

The Duke of Steel lowers his gaze and stares at the carpet for several long, agonizing seconds.

Eventually, he nods.

"Aye. You are right, Bael. I can't let that damned Archangel control me for the rest of my life. I need to fight back."

"Hell yeah!" Bael yells. He punches his palm and laughs. "That's the spirit!"

With a great effort, Artorias rises to his feet. He stares forward for several seconds, then makes a motion with his hands, summoning the power of magnetism.

Artorias's left pauldron detaches from the rest of his armor. It gently floats to the ground a few feet away.

The right pauldron follows. Then, his gauntlets. His chestplate disassembles into multiple pieces.

Soon, dozens of pieces of armor sit in a pile next to the couch. Artorias stands, fully naked, before Bael and his two servants.

Chryssie and Megan gaze in disbelief at the Duke of Steel's violently scarred body. Splotches of white dot his skin, making it look as though someone had recently splashed the Duke with a gallon of paint. Deep cuts, bruises, and lacerations mark his entire figure.

The Duke of Steel meets the girl's inquisitive gazes with his own look of pity.

"Aye. This hideous appearance is the fate which will befall one who succumbs to their greed. My brother sought the power of an Archangel, back during the ancient times. For his desire, he suffered immeasurably. Learn from his mistake. Always take caution when dealing with an angel. Never give in to your greed, lest you end up suffering as I have."

Artorias sits on the couch once again, and after a moment, he lays back and stares at the ceiling.

Unlike his two servants, Bael seems unmoved by Artorias's hideous appearance. "Alright. Go on, Chryssie. Help my friend out. You're his best hope."

The succubus swallows her saliva. Slowly, almost reluctantly, she rises to her feet, walks toward Artorias, and crouches at his side.

"I... I didn't know you were hurt this badly..."

Artorias smiles. "What you see is merely a fraction of what I've endured. Take care when probing my memories, young one. You needn't experience the horrors of my life. Stick to my most recent memories, and you'll be fine."

Chryssie nods.

"I will, Master Artorias. I'll help ya in any way I can."

As Chryssie reaches out her hands and begins stroking Artorias's skin, Bael leans back on his couch and wraps his arm around Megan.

"Say, when Chryssie finishes with him, why don't you go 'n grab a Sticks 'n Bones set? I wanna go a few rounds with Arty-boy."

"Of course, Master Bael. Anything for you."