Part 611: Taken

January 13th, 2021. 10:30AM. Somewhere in the woods of Northern Oregon.

Jason sat silently in the back of the FBI van. Two agents sat on his right and left, while Silver and a female agent sat across from him. All of them took their sunglasses off, leaving their faces illuminated by the small light in the back of the windowless van. Jason had no idea who was driving, as he couldn't see them.

The fact he wasn't handcuffed gave the young man precious little reprieve. He trembled from head to toe, trying not to fall into a panic attack. After driving for nearly an hour in absolute silence, with none of the agents saying a word, Jason finally worked up the courage to speak.

"Where... where are you... taking me? I haven't done anything wrong."

"No. You haven't." Silver immediately replied, looking Jason in the eyes. "You're not under arrest, and you have committed no crime. Your existence, however, is a matter of national security. I can't say much more until we arrive at the Haven."

"The Haven?" Jason repeated.

"It's a safe site. We place important individuals inside for their protection."

Jason hesitated.

"If I'm not under arrest... then why all the cloak and dagger? Am I free to leave?"

"No. You're not." Silver replied, his tone neutral. "You are not under arrest, but it is imperative you remain in our custody. Your life is in grave danger. You're lucky we found you before someone else did."

The van vibrated as it drove along at a fast, smooth speed. It hadn't come to a stop for a long time, so Jason estimated they must have been on a highway for a long time. Based on his poor perception of the outside world, he guessed they must be heading east, or perhaps south.

"Who else would be looking for me?" Jason asked, his trembling finally managing to slow down somewhat. Instead of fear, he experienced a surge of confusion. "I'm... nobody. Nobody special, at least."

"That remains to be seen." Silver said, before reaching to his side and pulling out the walkie-talkie-shaped device. He pressed a button and aimed its antenna at Jason, to which it repeated the ping-ping-ping noise from before. "We'll need to conduct a few tests to be sure, but it's likely you're the individual we've been looking for. Just remain quiet for a while longer. We'll arrive soon."

"O...okay." Jason muttered, lowering his head and wondering just what the hell this was all about.

He wasn't anybody.

He was a nobody.

A complete non-entity!

_What the hell would the FBI want with a scrawny teenage orphan?_

After another thirty or so minutes, the van slowed down drastically. It started taking sharper turns at lower speeds, then its tires crackled as it drove onto what Jason presumed to be a gravel road. It bumped along for a while longer, then it slowed down to the point he could actually hear a songbird singing somewhere outside.

Some voices started speaking.

"...designation... password... Jericho-Niner... yeah... the subject along..."

Jason concentrated as hard as he could, but he could barely make out a few scattered words. The people speaking sounded official and government-like.

Then, the van slowly accelerated again, and the sound of a gate opening buzzed. Jason felt as if it sounded like the gate to a prison, but he couldn't be sure.

A few minutes later, the van came to a final stop. Jason's heart started to beat a little harder as Silver half-stood up, keeping his head low so he wouldn't bang it on the roof.

"Alright. We're here, Jason. Not much longer and you'll get your answers. Come along."

Still flanked by his 'escort', Jason stood up and watched as the back door to the van opened and the noon sunlight poured in, making him wince. He grimaced when he realized all the agents had already put on sunglasses, leaving him the only one with stinging eyes.

_Bastards. What, you couldn't give me a pair, too? Cheap fuckers!_

Jason cursed the FBI out, then awkwardly stepped out of the back of the van, where he saw a dark-skinned middle-aged woman sitting in a wheelchair, flanked by a protective escort of half a dozen more FBI agents. These men and women all wore SWAT-style body armor, making them much more intimidating than the ones who brought Jason in. They also held military-black assault rifles, though Jason couldn't tell much about what sorts of guns they were.

But then, as Jason looked at them, he confusingly found he did recognize the guns, which was rather odd. He never cared about studying guns in the past, so why would he suddenly know these weapons were AR-15's? More confusingly, these were civilian rifles, not the M4 Carbines commonly wielded by FBI agents.

Before Jason could further break down his situation, the woman in the wheelchair smiled pleasantly and spoke to him.

"Jason Hiro. It's wonderful to meet you. My name is Claire Rothschild."

Jason lowered his eyes to look at her. She was surprisingly attractive, with blonde hair, blue eyes, and dangling rose earrings. She wore a simple white dress with a black overcoat to keep warm on this cold day, and her eyes seemed more innocent than he'd expect from the presumed leader of all these agents.

"Claire." Jason repeated. "Why... am I here? Why have you brought me here?"

"I'm sure Agent Silver told you already, but you're not a prisoner. You are here for your own protection." Claire quickly explained. "You see, we've been searching for you for twelve years now. Why don't you follow me inside, and I'll explain everything?"

Jason blinked.

Twelve years? Why such a specific date? And why him?

He still felt as if he was missing too many pieces of the puzzle to hazard any guesses.

"Alright." He finally said, unsure what else he could add to the conversation besides questions they weren't about to answer in the open sunlight.

Claire touched a control stick on her wheelchair, and it automatically turned around and started driving around the van. Jason followed her, and his eyes wandered around, allowing him to take in the sights.

He had arrived inside a gated compound, surrounded by barbed, and possibly electrified, metal fences. These fences did not consist of one layer, but three, and beyond them was a massive obsidian-colored wall thirty feet in height. Jason couldn't tell how thick the wall was, but he easily picked out dozens of men and women walking on top of the wall, sniper rifles slung over their backs. Unlike the agents inside the compound, the wall-walkers wore heavy body armor and full tactical gear. Their armor was colored black, likely making it possible for them to blend in and strike from the shadows in case of an enemy attack.

Trees towered above the walls, providing natural camouflage from a distance. Trees also lined the inside of the compound, which Jason found to be slightly confusing. They did cover the entire sky to some degree, making it so planes overhead wouldn't be able to see the compound from above, but they also provided avenues for prisoners to escape by climbing up and jumping over the walls.

_Probably not a good idea though._ Jason idly thought. _It doesn't seem likely these people were too stupid to figure out something that obvious. They probably have other protections against escapees in place, ones I simply can't see._

Jason's gaze moved from the trees to a pitch-black building Claire was driving toward. His heart fell into his stomach as the wide, single-story structure gave him a terrifying, ominous feeling.

_What the- oh my god! Is this one of those CIA black sites I've heard about? Have they been lying to me this whole time?!_

Jason's body started to tremble again, unbidden, as his adrenaline spiked.

_Nobody has any rights when they get put into a black site. They strip your rights away and can lie freely to you. Stupid! How could I be so blind? This is clearly a trap! They ARE arresting me, but why? For what purpose?! Do they think I'm a terrorist??_

Unfortunately, even if Jason was 100% sure of his hypothesis, he didn't really have any recourse. He was surrounded by heavily armed guards, and he wasn't exactly a fighter. If they came to blows, he'd be knocked out in seconds.

His eyes surreptitiously flicked to the left and the right.

_Possible escape options. Silver has a pistol. Is it bio-coded? It might be one of those new 'smart guns'. Stealing it won't give me a weapon. I'd still be outgunned even if I took it._

_What about Claire? Maybe I can grab her, threaten her life. She seems important. I might be able to use her as a hostage to free myself._

_If I had a melee weapon, I'd feel more assured. Even a straight pipe would give me a fighting chance. If it were long enough, I could wield it like a bo staff, moving fluidly to- NO, what am I even thinking?! I don't have any weapon training! They'd just shoot or tase me if I tried to fight them!_

Claire and Jason, along with their entourage, finally arrived at the entrance to the black site. The door opened, and a pair of guards assessed the newcomers. Despite obviously seeming to know who Claire was, they took no chances. They carefully assessed the identity of every individual there, took biometrics data, and double-checked those readings before finally allowing them through.

_People here are cautious beyond the realm of normality._ Jason noted. _What are they afraid of, shapeshifters? Surely they saw Claire leave the building a few minutes ago. How bizarre..._

Not long afterward, Claire led Jason and a now-smaller contingent of agents deeper into the facility, passing many smartly-dressed government employees, all of whom looked at Jason and whispered things after he passed.

"It's him?"

"Blonde hair, blue eyes. If it's not him, I'll eat my hat."

"He's a bit scrawny."

"Might not have fully Awoken yet. We'll see."

Jason frowned. He tried to ignore these people, but the fact _everyone_ seemed to know who he was felt extremely disconcerting.

Finally, Claire led Jason into a small office with a conference table. She gestured to one side, while she and Silver sat on the opposite side. To Jason's surprise, at some point, all the other agents had already peeled off, leaving him alone with just these two.

_Wait, is this a chance?_ Jason thought, his mind instantly sharpening. _It's just the three of us. Even if they have security cameras, I'd only need a few seconds to jump across the table, tackle Silver, grab his gun, then jump up, wrap my arm around Claire's neck and put the gun to her head. With her as my hostage, I could-_

"Jason Hiro." Claire said, smiling prettily. "Would you mind taking a seat? We have a lot to discuss."

Jason blinked. He realized he'd stopped just short of sitting down and was looking around the room a little intensely.

_I should wait and hear her out._ Jason thought. _Maybe I can get her and Silver to lower their guard before I act._

He nodded, then sat down. Unfortunately, Silver remained standing. He stood behind Claire and rested one hand on the back of her wheelchair. Jason found the position to be strangely intimate. Perhaps Silver and Claire had a deeper relationship than mere employer-employee...

"So..." Jason said slowly. "Are you going to tell me why you've brought me here?"

"Yes. And I do apologize." Claire said, her smile turning a bit embarrassed. "It wasn't our intention to frighten you. This really is all for your protection. If you are who we think you are, then your life is in grave danger. Especially since you've recently turned eighteen."

"Huh?" Jason grunted. "What does me turning eighteen have to do with anything?"

He frowned, then leaned forward and rested his elbows and arms on the table, giving Claire a perplexed look.

"We've been tracking your activity for years, but were never able to pinpoint your exact location." Claire explains. "You've been a busy boy. Berlin, Paris, Russia, New York, and now even the west coast."

Jason blinked again. In fact, he blinked several times.

"Uh... are you saying... you think I've been to all those places?"

Claire nodded. "Of course! Ah, but before I continue, let me tell you who we are and what our mission is."

She paused.

"As I said before, I am Claire Rothschild, but I do not work for the FBI, and neither does Silver or any of the men and women you saw up to this point. In fact, we aren't part of any three-letter governmental agency."

"So you lied to me?" Jason asks.

"A necessary deception." Claire said without a hint of shame. "We are actually a sort of supernatural defense force. One of humanity's oldest organizations, created thousands of years ago. We exist on every continent and inside every country, save a few who refused entry to us."

"Alright. Who are you?" Jason asked.

"We are the Illuminati." Claire said, still smiling as cheerfully as before.

Jason stared at her.

He became lost for words.

"The... Illuminati? The 'secret' shadow organization literally everyone knows about? You've got to be kidding me."

"We aren't a secret." Claire explains. "Most governments know about us. We're a 'secret' in the sense that we exist in the open, yet hide the truth about ourselves behind conspiracies and lies. It benefits humanity if not too many people take us seriously, you see. But important people in important places know who we are, and our enemies know who we are, so that is all that matters."

Jason nodded slowly.

"Right."

_Oh my god. These people are whackos._ Jason thought, feeling depressed internally. _A bunch of lunatics. What have I gotten myself involved in?_

Claire didn't seem to notice his sullen expression. She smiled as cheerfully as ever.

"You see, Jason, the Earth is not as you know it. It is actually a melting pot of different cultures and species, all vying for control of our bright blue globe. A brutal war for domination has been playing out over the past hundred-thousand-plus years. The players change, but the game does not. And you, we suspect, are one of the most important players. You are the heir to humanity's mightiest power!"

"Right." Jason repeated, in complete disbelief. "Me. Powerful. Okay."

At this point, Silver spoke. "You seem unconvinced. Jason, our organization is comprised, at the highest levels, by direct descendants of humanity's first Hero, an individual known as Jepthath. He was the Great Illuminator, the one who brought our species out of the darkness into the light. Because of him, we were able to seek salvation from the angels and demons, and unify ourselves into a cohesive fighting force capable of doing battle against entities much more powerful than ourselves."

"Angels. Demons." Jason repeated. "I guess that tracks."

Jason's immediate dismissal of all this nonsense paused for a moment. He frowned as he suddenly remembered all the strange thoughts he'd been having since he woke up earlier that day.

"Wait... demons... are you saying demons are real?"

"Oh, very real. More real than you know." Claire said. "You probably imagine them as scary Bible stories, or you've seen them depicted in movies and TV shows as evil monsters, but they are not fictional creatures. Their true nature has been hidden from the populace, and they even live in our midst. Demons are everywhere, and if their agents were to find you, they would kill you without hesitation. After all, you are the fated inheritor of Ancestor Jepthath's power."

Before Jason could ask another question, Claire did instead.

"Jason, have you ever performed any strange, unexplained acts of power before? Have you ever made your hands glow, or teleported from place to place, or lifted objects with your mind?"

Jason blinked.

"Uh... is that a serious question?"

"Quite." Claire replied curtly. "Anything at all. Any metaphysical phenomena? Have you experienced anything of the sort? As I said, we've been tracking you for twelve years."

Jason reached up and scratched his head.

"...No? Nothing like that. You said earlier you detected me in Berlin, Paris, and some other places. Uh. I've never been there. I've never even left Oregon."

Claire's smile slipped slightly. She turned her head back to Silver, who once again pulled out the walkie-talkie-looking device, then aimed it at Jason until it let out those odd ping-ping-ping sounds.

"It's definitely you..." Claire said, her smile disappearing. "It has to be you. There can only be one true inheritor of the Heroic Aura. Jason, before we continue, why don't we run some tests? Let's go ahead and fully confirm instead of relying on our Field Detector."

Jason shrugged. At this point, he'd lost his fighting intent and was now simply confused. His fear had turned to disappointment, and even a sort of wry internal laughter.

How could these idiots possibly believe in all that crap about demons and angels? How could they believe he was some special, super powerful 'Hero'? He was just a normal guy.

Though, there were those strange thoughts he'd been having all day long...

Jason waited for a while. He engaged Claire in some minor small-talk, but she refused to answer any further questions until the testing equipment arrived. Eventually, it did. A pair of women entered the conference room, pushing along a rolling cabinet with a helmet of some sort mounted on top.

"This will record your brainwaves." Claire explained. "Just put it on and follow our prompts. We'll test you to see if you have the Heroic Aura after all. Don't worry, it's completely painless."

Doing as Claire asked, Jason put the large metal hat on his head, grimacing at the countless wires sticking out of the top. The two female technicians smiled at him and reassured him there wasn't anything to worry about, so he simply cooperated, curious as to what they would find.

Then the tests began.

First, they slid some papers across the table to Jason.

"Look at each of these images for five seconds, then flip to the next one. We want to record your mental fluctuations."

Jason nodded. He did as they asked. First, there was a picture of a German Shepherd, then a picture of an orange tabby cat, then a picture of a dark-skinned child wearing tribal clothing, possibly from Africa. After that came a series of pictures of men and women from all over the world. Jason glanced up at Claire at one point. She simply smiled, nodded, and mouthed, '_Keep going_'...

At one point, he flipped over to a picture of a beautiful white haired woman, and he stopped to stare at her for a long, long time. The testers frowned, wondering why he hadn't flipped away yet. Jason, however, just couldn't tear his eyes away from the picture. She looked different from something he expected to see, but familiar in a way that made him feel despondent, as if he had lost something precious, something he could never retrieve.

"Jason. Jason." Claire said, pulling him from his thoughts. "Please continue flipping. Unless there's some significance to that woman?"

Jason hesitated. He looked at the white-haired woman for a few moments longer, then reluctantly flipped the page.

"I don't know. I just thought she was... beautiful."

Silver snorted, but didn't say anything.

Jason continued flipping the pages, and when he reached the end, one of the two technicians walked over and whispered something in Claire's ear.

"Mmm. Nothing out of the ordinary, then? Go ahead and save that one picture for him. There's no harm. Alright, Jason, we're going to show you some different pictures. Now that we've established a baseline, these will provide a stronger contrast."

Jason nodded. The next batch of pictures were decidedly different in every conceivable way. Instead of images of animals and people, they were images of mythological monsters, Titans from some unknown religious pantheon, demons, angels, harpies, and many other creatures Jason mentally identified with ease.

Jason frowned at some images. One image in particular gave him serious pause.

Seeing the picture atop the pile, Claire nodded. "That's Satan the Devil. He is the leader of demonkind. Humanity's greatest enemy."

"Why is he so fat?" Jason asked, only to think to himself, _and why does he look so familiar?_

"That's just how he is." Claire said with a shrug.

Jason continued to flip through the images. A surprising number of them seemed extraordinarily familiar to him, as if these were faces he had seen in person, but he could not place when or where.

At the end, Claire received confirmation from the two technicians, who took the helmet off Jason's head and wheeled the device out of the room.

"It's official. You are an inheritor of the Heroic Aura." Claire proclaimed. "When we showed you the images of demons and monsters, the Mana Reader picked up strong reflexive firings of minute amounts of mana. You possess Heroic abilities, and now we simply need to determine what they are."

Jason pursed his lips.

"I'm... a little less skeptical than before. Actually... I might as well just say it. I've been having these strange thoughts all morning, ever since I woke up. It started when I first sat up in bed, and they've only grown stronger as the hours have passed..."

Jason proceeded to speak for much longer than he intended. Claire listened, just as Rebecca did. She and Silver exchanged glances sometimes, particularly when Jason mentioned recognizing many of the demons, angels, and monster species, despite never having seen them in person.

"I'm not going crazy, then?" Jason asked.

"On the contrary. It seems the burst of Heroic Energy we detected at the Cryotek labs was indeed caused by you. Jason, I suspect that you might be a Mentalizer-type Hero."

"A what?" Jason asked.

"Mentalizers are Heroes who possess exceptional brainpower, abilities related to intellect and strategy, or even prophets and farseers." Claire explained. "Perhaps these 'feelings' you've been experiencing are the beginning of your Ascension. Soon, you will wield all your abilities, full and proper."

Everything seemed to click into place. Jason looked down at the picture of the white-haired woman, feeling emotionally attached to her for a reason he couldn't explain.

Was this the cause? Could it be that he was actually a Hero who possessed divine foresight? Would this woman be important to him in some near or far future situation?

It didn't quite feel right.

Jason felt as if she had been important to him in the past. He felt as if he had known 'her' for a lot longer than his short, eighteen-year life implied.

But that was impossible.

"If I was 90% sure before, I'm 100% sure now." Claire said. "Jason, you are the inheritor of the Heroic Aura. If we had not found you, the Angels might have tried to get to you first. That would have been a disaster. The angels are nominally humanity's allies, but Ancestor Jepthath himself passed down a proclamation to his descendants; we must _never_ trust Archangel Raphael. He is a liar and a deceiver."

"Naturally," Claire continued, "if the demons had found you, that would be even worse. They might kill you, or they might instead capture you and immobilize you, keeping you alive to ensure the Heroic Aura could not be passed on. That would deprive humanity of a Hero for another thirty, fifty, or even a hundred years. Perhaps that is why no Hero has emerged since the end of the second World War..."

Claire shook her head sadly.

"The last Hero fought for humanity. His name was Harold Whittaker, and he was a German immigrant who came to the United States along with his wife to flee the Nazis. Unfortunately, he volunteered to fight the Nazis, and perished in the final attack. No Hero has appeared since then. The Illuminati were beginning to fear the demons might have found a way to capture the Heroic Aura. If Satan were ever to devour it, his power would rise, and humanity's would plummet to a level that would leave us in despair."

Jason listened to her explanation. It was so outlandish, he felt it looped back around to being sincere. Who could make up a story as ridiculous as this and expect anyone to believe it, unless it was true?

"If I truly am the Hero, chosen by fate or whatever, then what does that mean? I don't think I have any powers... unless I'm a 'prophet' like you said."

"You don't need to worry about all of that. Not for now." Claire said, patting her chest with a sigh of relief. "Jason, we are so fortunate to be the current descendants of the Illuminator who found you. I will make it my life's mission to train you. We will uncover whatever your powers are and seek the best way to elevate your prowess. In fact, you couldn't have come at a more timely moment. As we speak, tensions are rising globally. There are rumors that the demons are planning a major attack on humanity. Their power has grown over the years. They are also starting to fear our rising technological capabilities. The revelations we possessed Atomic Bombs held them back for half a century, but now their Emperors are growing bolder. We fear it is only a matter of time before Satan the Devil launches an attack that could kill tens of millions of humans."

Jason's expression became more severe. If all of this was true and Claire wasn't messing with him, then it was imperative he follow along with her plans.

And if it was all a load of bullshit?

Well... he had already planned to basically kill himself by entering cryostasis.

What did it matter if he did as she asked? If Claire wanted to torture some random orphan and mess with his head, then she truly had a lot of screws loose.

"Alright. I'll go along with all of this." Jason said slowly. "What should we do first?"

Claire smiled sweetly.

"How about we start with some lunch? I haven't eaten since breakfast."

"Err, I told the Cryotek people I wouldn't eat anything-" Jason started to say, before pausing and realizing how ridiculous that statement was. "...Never mind. I guess I could eat a few bites too. What do you guys have here?"

"I think you will be pleasantly surprised." Claire said, turning to roll away from the conference table. "Our amenities are top notch. Come on! I'll show you."

And so, Jason did.

He followed Claire out of the conference room, embarking on the next crazy chapter in his life.

But nobody in that room had the slightest idea how drastically the world was about to change...