Part 426: Auger's Ambition

The world of Numaria. A lush paradise-class planet completely covered in trees with little to no open space anywhere. Gifted to the Hell of Punishment by the Volgrim following the conclusion of the Energy Wars, it has long become Emperor Auger's home, his sanctuary he never sees fit to leave. Even when the other Emperors assemble to deal with some important business, Auger remains in place, secluded in an unknown location amidst the jungle, his soul imperceptible and his whereabouts unknown.

Emperors Fae and Nymph travel through Yardrat's portal behind the demon in question. They find themselves stepping into a surprisingly dark area of the forest where the treetops are packed so densely that scarcely a single beam of light can thread its way through the leaves above. At the same time, a faint magical aura swallows them, part of a secret formation laid down not by the fairies, but by one of Auger's 'special helper' demons.

This formation is quite special. It shields all new arrivals from soul-searching magic, and even possesses a terrifying ability to hide those inside its radius from high technology and life-form scanners. While it has never been tested against Psions, it should also camouflage its interior from the mightiest Volgrim subspecies in the Milky Way.

Yardrat and the other Emperors arrive inside a treehouse more than five hundred feet tall and several thousands of feet wide, though it does not consist of a single platform, but dozens of smaller ones all stitched together and linked through wooden stairwells and rope bridges. These platforms sit attached to the trunks of trees, some bigger than others, all of them made to be as easy to traverse as possible.

A solemn aura lingers around the central tree, the largest one of them all. Countless beautiful flowers thread around its branches, with the majority of them being colored white, but plenty of red and black ones intermingle to break up the solid patterns.

Yardrat glances around his designated entry platform. He immediately spots a slender but muscular Demon Emperor a short distance away, a fellow with a crooked back and several rotted teeth. The black-haired demon smiles good-naturedly at Yardrat, chuckling in an unpleasant and hissy voice as he hobbles toward him.

"Ahh, there you are, Yardrat. And you've brought the other two."

Nymph smiles at the rather ugly-looking fellow. "Emperor Dagon."

"Nymph. You're looking as fine as ever." Dagon, the Emperor of Pathogens says. "Any idea what our great leader has brought us here for?"

As a newly ascended Emperor in the same vein as Nymph, Dagon's ascension came as a result of the Wordsmith's facility on Tarus II, the Belial Booster. However, despite living as a Duke for tens of thousands of years and even fighting in the Energy Wars, he's never been one to meddle with the upper political struggles of his people, instead leaving such bothersome interests to those who pursue them with passion.

"There was an anomaly at the Tribunal." Yardrat says. "The Wordsmith surprised everyone-"

"Beelzebub freaking revived and came back as an Emperor!" Fae roars, screaming with laughter as she holds her sides. "You should have seen the looks on everyone's faces! Funniest shit I ever saw!"

Dagon doesn't laugh along with Fae. Instead, he frowns. "Beelzebub is an Emperor now? He was already a damn-near unkillable cockroach. How formidable has he become after his ascension?"

"Frighteningly so." Yardrat says blandly. "But I don't like to repeat myself. Let us wait until the others have arrived before we continue this conversation. Emperor Auger already knows the details."

"Sure, sure." Dagon says.

An hour passes. Demons continue to arrive inside the central tree-city of Numaria through portals located elsewhere on the planet, made through the usage of not only Yardrat's powers, but some clever manipulation of other demon's powers. While the fairy queens have not crafted any Formations for the Hell of Punishment, they also are not strictly necessary either. Auger's unique abilities allow him to perform feats with magic that other Emperors can only drool over in envy.

A group of Dukes eventually strides toward Yardrat and the other Emperors. The Duke at the front radiates an enormous aura of power, one supremely close to the boundary of Emperor, yet frustratingly short of actually crossing the threshold. With brown hair held back in a ponytail and demonstone armor covering his thick frame, the fellow appears quite imposing, especially when one takes into account his shark-like teeth and vicious animalistic grin.

"So you guys are already here?" The lead Duke says. "Auger's summons caught me off-guard. Me and the boys were having a good fuck-session with some minotaurs in the Eastern Woods."

"That's nice." Yardrat says in a tone of voice implying he thinks exactly the opposite. "What a shame though, Hamir. You ended up failing to become an Emperor. Maybe next time."

Hamir, the Duke of Hailstorms, winces at Yardrat's barb. "No worries. Heh! I'll break through for sure on my next attempt. We can't all get lucky like Dagon..."

He shoots an ugly glower at Dagon, who merely rolls his eyes in return. "There was no luck involved. My foundation was superior to yours. All that bluster and you couldn't even advance before me, hehehe!"

"Just you wait 'til I do!" Hamir retorts. "My powers will skyrocket! I'll beat your ass!"

"An individual's strength barely even matters in our Hell." Hamir mutters with more than a hint of bitterness. "All our boons belong to Auger and Auger alone."

"It's not about how much power you possess." Yardrat retorts. "It's about how well you use them. Count your blessings. Auger has never let us down. Perhaps you haven't noticed yet, but we've recently advanced to become the most powerful of all the Hells."

Hamir glances at the four Emperors arrayed before him. Yardrat, Fae, Nymph, and Dagon. After adding in Auger and himself in the near-future, he can't help but feel moderately surprised.

"If we add in Glinch, our Hell has six powerhouses, soon to be seven. It's a little nuts how the humans have empowered us to such heights."

"Don't get cocky." Emperor Dagon warns through his rotting teeth. "The Wordsmith cut down Ose with that frightening Arthur clone of his. If he can destroy Bael's body, he can kill us with ease. We're still not a match for Jason or Hope."

Emperor Nymph purses her lips. "Perhaps."

"You disagree?" Dagon asks.

"I don't pay much attention to the Wordsmith." Nymph says in a frank manner. "But I am unconvinced he is as frightening as he makes himself out to be. He is a human, and a male at that. I believe it is possible for us to manipulate him."

"I agree." Yardrat adds. "As human lives go, Jason Hiro is still surprisingly young. Despite his rage at demonkind for his daughter's death, he continually tries to swallow his anger and seek reconciliation. I'd find the effort admirable if it weren't so sickeningly _human_ of him."

"Yeah. It's pretty pathetic." Fae adds. "What kind of little goony-ass guy doesn't lash out and beat up the people who killed his family? Man, I miss REAL men like King Arthur. Remember when he went berserk and killed a MILLION people? That guy was scary as hell! Compared to him, the Wordsmith is just a little pussycat."

"A pussycat with a nuclear bomb." Yardrat quietly says. "No matter how benign he might seem, Jason Hiro is not someone we can afford to take lightly."

The Emperors continue discussing their enemy in a somewhat lighthearted manner, even as more and more demons show up. Eventually, the forest platforms reach a critical mass with more than five million demons, all limited to the range of Lords and above, standing in the treetops and awaiting the meeting's start.

Finally, they sense a change in the atmosphere. Everyone turns to look at the most centralized platform, one that seemingly hovers in midair, suspended atop a deliberately sawed-off tree trunk so that nothing sticks out of the platform's center. A faint, invisible field of energy hovers at the platform's center, and it begins to stir.

_Whoomph._

A quiet displacement of air puffs out of that magical area. An incredibly old and ancient-looking Demon Emperor suddenly hobbles into view, a skinny fellow seemingly suffering from malnutrition. He leans heavily on a gnarled walking stick. His long white hair and pointed eyebrows give the impression of a mountain hermit who rarely comes into contact with civilization.

At the same time, however, this Emperor also possesses deep and cunning eyes with a gleam of extreme intelligence. Despite his frail-looking body, every demon in the area knows that if they were to try and engage him in a fight, they wouldn't just lose or lose badly... they would _perish_ in a manner most brutal.

Emperor Auger slowly shuffles to the center of the huge platform, standing alone while a sea of eyes falls upon him, fixated on his every movement, his every word...

"Everyone's here, then?" Auger asks. "Good, good. I don't intend to yap at you lot all day. Let's make this quick."

He turns his attention to the 'elite' platform nearby, where Yardrat, the other Emperors and their Dukes all stand and observe him with rapt attention.

"Yardrat here has passed me along quite the interesting information." Auger says, his creaky old voice as loud and audible as if he were standing just a few feet in front of every individual spectator. "It seems several... _interesting events_ happened on Tarus II today. Beelzebub revived, and he even ascended to the rank of Emperor in an inexplicable manner. Most interesting, most interesting..."

Auger waves his hand flippantly.

"But the emergence of one additional Emperor changes nothing. Our society now stands at a crossroads, one which may spell our doom _or_ our salvation. To that end, I have decided to bring a guest along with me today."

Everyone perks up, even Yardrat, considered by most to be Auger's most trusted subordinate.

_A guest?_ Yardrat thinks. _I haven't heard anything about a guest..._

The invisible magic field behind Auger hums for a moment. An instant later, a tall Demon Emperor suddenly appears as if stepping out of midair in much the same manner as Auger himself did. At the sight of this demon, the entire crowd gasps in surprise.

"It seems the youth still have eyes." Auger says cheekily, smiling like a kindly old grandfather. "This handsome fellow should be familiar to you all, but for the more slow-witted, allow me to introduce him."

Auger lifts up his hand and rests it on the shoulder of the demon standing beside him.

"This individual is known as Kristoff, the Emperor of Blood. He is the only current living powerhouse in the Hell of Blood. Heh heh heh..."

Emperor Kristoff, a handsome but dainty-looking demon, sighs quietly under his breath.

"Everyone. Emperor Auger and I have recently... discussed our situation. In light of recent events, we thought it prudent to consider our strategic options."

Yardrat frowns. "Emperor Auger? Does this mean...?"

"Heh heh heh." Auger laughs cutely, like a doddering old man. "Oh, little Kris-Kris has had it hard, recently. Three of his fellow Emperors died to the Cherubiim's attack, including his beloved wife. So sad! Such a tragedy. And now he must find it difficult to rebuild his Hell's forces all alone..."

"Let's not mince words." Kristoff interjects, shooting a cold glare Auger's way. "Once, the Hell of Blood possessed more Emperors than any of the other Hells. Now, we rank at the bottom. Even the Hell of Lust will soon add multiple Emperors to their ranks after allying with the humans."

Kristoff swallows a lump in his throat. "I... do not enjoy political squabbles. Historically, I always left such maneuvering to my wife and the werewolves. But those days are over. My wife's soul was destroyed. Emperor Wolfram perished in his entirety to the Cherubiim. And as for Lupus, she has become an undead servant to Mephisto, possessing my wife's body following her soul-death. I am... simply not competent at overseeing the lives of others. If I take the reins, I will only lead my followers to destruction."

"You may not be much of a political thinker," Auger says 'consolingly,' "but a wise man knows when to submit to circumstance."

"Yes." Kristoff replies, his tone heavy. "To that end... I have decided to unite the Hell of Blood with the Hell of Punishment. From now on, I will concede all control of my Hell to Emperor Auger."

"What?!" The crowd shouts, everyone shocked out of their wits.

"We've taken control of the Hell of Blood?! Holy shit!"

"Vampire babes and werewolf girls for everyone!"

"The Hell of Punishment will rise!"

Auger listens to the roaring crowd with an expression of quiet pleasure while Kristoff looks as if he could crap his pants from anger.

After a minute or two of raucous disbelief, Auger suddenly raises his hand.

"Quiet."

At once, the volume drops to nothing. All of the demons suddenly become utterly silent, no longer making a peep. Kristoff doesn't fail to notice that this effect is entirely artificial, brought about by Auger's absolute control over his subordinates.

Emperor Auger smiles again. "Now, then. This deal is quite complex. I have made several concessions to my good friend Kris-Kris. The Hell of Blood's members will allow me access to their souls. I will 'imprint' upon them as I have all of you. In this way, we can bring them into our... _Collective._ But, I cannot force them to join us, and will have to provide them with incentives. If anyone refuses, they will be free to leave the Hell of Blood and go to another Hell to live out the rest of their lives. Who knows? Perhaps they will decide to join the Wordsmith and the humans."

Auger chuckles deep in his throat, as if the very idea is the most foolish, imbecilic thought that has ever crossed his mind.

"If I may," Yardrat says, "I'd like to ask... what do you stand to gain from this, Kristoff?"

The Emperor of Blood snorts dismissively. "I will receive several tangible benefits from Emperor Auger. He has agreed to grant me the equivalent of 4000 Merit Tokens belonging to the Hell of Punishment. I will use these Tokens to enhance my own abilities."

"A wise choice." Auger praises. "In this universe, the only strength one can trust is that which belongs to themselves."

"Right..." Kristoff says, visibly disinterested in any of Auger's honeyed words. "I don't particularly care what happens to the Hell of Blood. All I ask is that if someone does not wish to become part of Auger's cult-"

"Collective." Auger says, correcting Kristoff. "Part of our _Collective._"

"Right." Kristoff replies disdainfully. "If they don't want to become part of your 'Collective,' let them leave unmolested."

"Of course, of course." Auger says, still all smiles. "I will treat your subordinates well. They will receive fantastic benefits when serving under me."

Kristoff turns to look at Auger for several seconds. His expression gives away no hints, but to Yardrat and the keen-eyed other observers, they can't help but notice a hint of disgust in his eyes.

"...I take my leave." Kristoff mutters.

The Emperor of Blood turns and walks toward the center of the platform. A moment later, he vanishes, disappearing into whatever sort of strange spatial turbulence happens to have embedded itself atop the platform's center.

Auger remains silent for a moment. Then, he returns to addressing the crowd.

"The coming era will not be a simple one. As I said before, a crossroads awaits us. Uniting with the Hell of Blood will not guarantee our survival, but it will benefit us greatly. As we speak, the Volgrim continue to do battle with a deadly enemy from another galaxy. The Hell of Isolation fell in a day to the 'Plague,' and ours will fare no better, should it make landfall upon our world."

"Yeah?" Fae says. "So what are we gonna do then, Boss Auger? Kill the Wordsmith?"

Auger chuckles. "Kill him? No. Don't be shortsighted, Fae. The Wordsmith is the galaxy's only prayer for defeating the Plague. None of you, nor me, are capable of combating this Threat. Indeed, I do not wish to make an enemy of the Wordsmith. I wish to ally with him!"

Auger's words startle everyone for the second time, but Yardrat appears unmoved. Having already previously communicated with Auger through telepathy, he knows about Auger's decision ahead of the rest.

Yardrat flicks his fingers. He steps across space and arrives at Auger's side with practiced ease, then turns to face the other members of the Hell of Punishment.

"The Wordsmith is currently under siege, whether he knows it or not." Yardrat explains. "Not only are the Volgrim pressuring him through the presence of a 7th Level Psion stationed on Tarus II, but he faces increasing resistance to his pro-demon policies from his current military commander, Neil Adams. Neil is not a fan of demonkind and has made his stance abundantly clear. But currently, his faction lacks real teeth. Even though he is ostensibly backed by a Wordsmith, Hope Hiro simply lacks the credibility and doesn't possess the same authority as his other half. He's not a threat to the current order."

Yardrat continues. "The other Hells are dragging their feet. They are more than happy to make use of the Wordsmith's abilities, his 'Belial Booster,' but they won't commit to his cause. We stand to gain a lot if we directly approach him to become allies."

Emperor Nymph appears unconvinced. "His goals align with ours, to be sure. But I do not see the point. We don't stand to gain much more if we directly align with the Wordsmith's faction."

"You're right." Auger says. "If it were just about reaping benefits there would be no point. The Hell of Lust does not receive any additional benefits from the Wordsmith compared to us. Their Merit Tokens are earned all the same as ours."

He pauses.

"But... we can begin to make overt moves against the humans by allying with them. And that is the ticket to our future success!"

This time, Nymph looks completely confused. She glances at Dagon and Hamir, but neither of them seem to know what the heck Auger is talking about.

"You... want us to ally with the humans... so we can betray the humans?" Nymph asks.

"Not exactly 'betray.'" Auger says. "We must ensure they cannot progress too rapidly. Make no mistake... the humans are advancing much faster than us. They are rapidly strengthening their bodies through our demonic mana. They are sucking us dry, and what we have received back are merely a portion of their gains. In order to ensure we do not fall too far behind, we must overtly act in humanity's interest as their ally so that we can subvert their power structure and turn them against one another."

The old demon chuckles to himself.

"We will not hurt a single human, Nymph. No, instead, we will make them fight one another. When the dust settles and they have crippled themselves, we will be the ultimate victors."

"But what about the Plague?" Nymph asks. "Won't we need the Wordsmith to defeat this Threat from another galaxy?"

"Naturally." Auger answers. "That is why this is a long-term plan. We will assist the Wordsmith for now and prop up the pro-demon faction, all to ensure Jason Hiro can defeat the Plague."

Auger's smile turns cruel.

"And then... when we have succeeded in eliminating that intergalactic Threat... we will turn humanity's two factions loose on one another."

Yardrat smirks. "Just like we did to ancient Rome."

"Yes... just like we did with Rome." Auger affirms.

By the time the meeting finishes, the Entire Hell of Punishment has already realized that their leader is far more devious and far-sighted than any of them ever could have imagined. His plans seem set to put the Hell of Punishment on the map, as well as in first place for the running of all Seven Hells. The First Hell's demise seems more likely than ever, as when it fails to resist the Fourth Hell's power, Auger will swoop in to swallow up its remnants.

Auger steps through the dimensional rift leading from the outer Sanctuary to his inner chambers. He grins evilly.

"It's all coming together now..."