Part 284: Bael's Bestest Buddy

_Much earlier in the day, at the far edge of the Western Battlefront._

"Baaaaael!! You bottom-feeding sludgebrain!"

Ose teleports away from the Duke of Pain, leaving demonkind's strongest warrior punching at the air. Bael mindlessly swings his fists a few more times before finally stopping.

"...Eh? Where'd that fella go?"

Bael spends the next thirty seconds dumbly staring ahead, his glossed-over eyes searching for something that may never have been there in the first place. 

"What was I doing again? Where am I? Man, my stinkin' head just won't stop throbbin'."

Beside Bael, a tall, good-looking demon fellow with wild white hair slaps him on the shoulder. "Bael! My man! Calm it down, brother! What are you doin', getting all hyped up about nothing, eh?"

The lanky demon wears a ripped-up leather jacket and pants, both colored black to contrast with his blood-red skin. Multiple piercings line his ears, lip, and nose, as well as his tongue and chin, too. His aura appears somewhat casual, as if he hasn't a care in the world.

Bael massages his hollowed-out, missing right eye, making his brain tingle ticklishly.

"Ah, I dunno, Shax. There was this weird grating thing buzzing in my ear. Really pissed me off."

"Sounds like a woman to me!" Shax laughs. The Emperor of Hype wraps his arm around Bael's back and shakes him up a bit, making the Duke of Pain drool dumbly. "Forget the broad, man! Let's have some fun!"

"Fun? Alright. Sounds good."

Bael casually discards the useless memories of whatever that one random female demon from earlier was talking about. Already, he's lost all interest in her crazy, hare-brained 'plans,' dealings which only make his poor, tiny little pea-brain hurt.

As the Duke of Pain and the Emperor of Hype start slowly wandering eastward, toward the distant roar of gunfire and explosions, they melt into the sea of demons flooding that way. Curiously, while all the demons instinctively steer clear of crashing into Bael's back, avoiding him thanks to his Duke-level aura, the same doesn't appear to be true of his friend, Shax. Many demons plow right through Shax, passing through the Emperor's body... almost as if he isn't there.

"Oppen! Bael, morg a florg!" One random demon yells as he runs past.

Bael glances at the speaker. "Huh?"

The demon pauses for a split second to shoot Bael a thumbs up before repeating his gibberish. "Moodoo plala! Morg a florg!"

The Duke of Pain nods dumbly. "Okay. Sure."

As if reassured by Bael's answer, the demon continues running off into the distance.

"...The heck did that guy say?" Bael asks. "Everyone's so damn annoying today. Can't even talk right. At least I've still got you, Shax."

Shax stands beside Bael, smiling kindly at his friend. "Sorry I've been gone for so long, mate. I've been all busy and stuff, rockin' on like it's Hong Kong!"

"Bahaha!" Bael laughs, as if hearing the funniest joke in the world. "That rhymed! Hahaha!"

...

The two demons slowly and casually stroll eastward. Bael doesn't head toward the Western Front, but instead randomly wanders toward the Southern Front, skirting all the way around the Horned Forest. The Duke of Pain pays no attention to his surroundings. His feet move on autopilot, taking him places his mind has no control over.

"So, how've you been?" Shax asks. "We've gotta catch up, grandpa!"

Bael nods. "Yeah. Uh, let's see. Well, you remember the big wars, right? With the, uh, aliens?"

"Yup," Shax answers, his smile fading slightly. "It's been a while, but I 'member the good old days."

"Well, after the war, I got myself a place on Hell Harbor," Bael says. "Settled down with a buncha ladies."

"Livin' the dream, player!" Shax laughs. "Now that's what I'm talking about! Gotta get yourself some groupies!"

"Mhm. Got some real cuties living under me. After the war ended, I didn't really have much to do. I figured these ladies all had a hard time, so I'd help 'em out."

"You didn't start a new band?" Shax asks. "Come on, brother. You know what I always say. You've gotta let the music flow through your soul!"

Bael's expression turns dim.

"I dunno, Shax. After you left me, I didn't feel like listening to music anymore. It just... it didn't have the same-"

Before Bael can finish his sentence, a light stinging sensation cracks against his cheek, like a bee smacking into him while flying at full speed. The Duke of Pain pauses mid-step, only to find himself standing at the edge of a human battle line. Dozens of exosuit-wearing troopers line up around him, taking aim with their guns.

_BLAM! BLAM! BLAM!_

A rain of bullets and blasters fires upon Bael, who merely stands in place, staring slack-jawed at the people shooting him.

"...Huh? How'd I get here? Where am I?"

Bael slowly swivels his head around, paying no attention to the concentration of ordinance blasting him from every angle. One bullet strikes his armpit, making him flinch. 

"Ah! That tickles! Stop that! Hehehe."

The Duke scratches his armpit to relieve the tickling sensation, but otherwise pays no attention to the bullets and beams smacking harmlessly against his skin.

Some distance behind Bael, a dozen demons stare wide-eyed as Bael 'heroically' stands with his chest puffed out.

"Look at that!" A random Demon Lord screeches. "Bael's such a badass! He does not give a _fuck_ about the humans! They're blasting him to kingdom come, but he's ignoring them like they're teeny imps poking his heels!"

"Bael must have come all the way here to reinforce us!" Another demon pipes up. "Who says the Duke of Pain is a dummy? He knew we were having trouble taking out the fleshies, so he showed up to draw their attention. Now we can make a push to attack them!"

"He must be tryin'a lower their morale to rock bottom! Stupid fleshbags, they'll never be able to beat Bael! He's our best warrior!"

While the demons fire off all manner of predictions regarding Bael's intent, the humans do the same. One of the field Lieutenants trembles in fear as he yells into his radio.

"I repeat, the Duke of Pain has been sighted! The son of a bitch is going to tear through us like a hot knife through butter! We need reinforcements!"

Seeing the Duke standing all alone, _menacingly_, many human and monster soldiers begin to tremble in fright as Bael's 'terrifying' gaze sweeps over them. His casual disdain for their existence scares them out of their wits, making them feel like ants trying to nibble at the feet of a lion.

"High-powered infantry ordinance ineffective! We're bringing the long-range cannons online! Clear the area!"

A dual-barreled cannon used for shelling the demons at long-ranges sits atop a nearby embattlement some fifty feet in the air. It pauses its continual bombardment to swivel in Bael's direction.

_BOOM! BOOM!_

Multiple artillery shells fire practically at point-blank range, a mere five hundred meters away, blasting apart the ground Bael stands on while burying him in the soil.

The humans watch in horror as Bael climbs out of the dirt, a look of rage on his face.

"Shit! Bombardment ineffective! We can't hurt him at all!"

Even as waves of panic surge through the humans' ranks, Bael merely shakes his head, trying to clear away his disorientation from the explosion.

"Ahh... damn, Shax. Why's everyone always pickin' on me? Can't a fella walk and talk with his friend in peace?"

"They're just jealous of your good looks, Bael-bro," Shax replies, shaking his head in dismay. "Remember what I always say? Sometimes, you've gotta step up and be the better man. Be the bigger man! Be a real man!"

Bael nods. "Yeah, shucks, you're right. I can't blame a bunch of cute kiddos for getting all worked up. They don't know any better."

As Bael mumbles to himself, more humans panic and fire additional bullets at him, but he just turns around and walks away while shaking his head.

"The Duke of Pain... he's leaving the battlefield!" The lieutenant says, shocked by his own words. "Maybe... maybe he's showing us mercy!"

Meanwhile, the demons gawk as Bael leaves, all of them jumping to their own wild conclusions.

"Bael doesn't give a damn about the humans!" One Demon Grunt screeches. "What a badass! They're too pitiful for him to even bother fighting! Come on guys, we can't look lame in front of the Duke of Pain! Let's rip these fleshies to pieces!"

As Bael continues heading north, absentmindedly skirting the border of the Eastern Front, he ignores the battles raging around him.

The Duke of Pain glances at his old friend, someone he hasn't seen in tens of millennia. A vague sadness appears in his eyes.

"What's the matter, bro?" Shax asks. "You wanna jam out? Let's go up on that mountain over there and get our rock on!"

Bael follows Shax's finger to the edge of Hero City, at the looming mountain range past the humans' battle lines.

"Mountain, huh? Yeah, sure. That could be fun."

He pays no attention to the looks of horror and despair on the humans' faces as he casually walks through their battle lines. Dozens of guns fire on him, but he doesn't feel a thing.

"The Duke of Pain is approaching Hero City! I repeated, threat level red! The Duke of Pain has bypassed our perimeter! We can't slow him down!"

Even as his appearance throws the humans into disarray, Bael disregards the goings-on of the world. He strolls forward, watching absentmindedly as countless humans and monsters in the rearguard shriek in terror and dive away, scrambling to escape his 'wrath.'

"Look at his eye! He's freaking pissed! I'm not getting within grabbing distance, no sir!"

Minutes later, Bael passes all of the logistical backlines, then coils strength into his legs and leaps skyward.

_Thump!_

Bael lands atop the hundred-foot-tall cliff, steadying himself for a moment as he turns around to gaze back at the Eastern Front.

"Hmm. Air's pretty good up here..." Bael mutters.

He turns to the side, only to see his buddy Shax clutching a guitar. The Emperor of Hype motions with his hands, making a set of custom-made 'slap drums' appear before Bael.

"Ohhh!" Bael says, as a nostalgic look appears in his eye. "My old drums! I ain't played with these since... since..."

"No need to yap about that sad stuff," Shax says, waving his hand nonchalantly. "Come on, man. Let's shred!"

Moments later, Shax positions himself right at the edge of the cliff. He strums rapidly on his guitar, blasting out music while headbanging. Bael smiles stupidly. He, too, begins slapping on his drums rhythmically, memories of all the times he used to play in the old band reminding him of his past expertise.

_Bop-bop-bop, bam-bo-dam, bop-bop-bop, bam-bo-dam!_

The more Bael plays, the more his arms loosen up. He grins and bobs his head, grooving hard to Shax's tunes.

However, after several minutes, Bael's smile fades.

"Wait."

Bael slows his playing.

"Somethin' ain't right, Shax. We're, uh... missing somethin'."

Shax, too, stops riffing. The wild-haired Emperor turns around and cocks his head.

"Something? Don't you mean _someone_?"

"Yeah. Where's Murmur? It just ain't right without her singing along."

Shax stares evenly at his friend.

"Murmur can't come here, Bael. It's just you and me, now."

"She can't?" Bael asks. "What, has she got a hot date or somethin'?"

Shax doesn't answer. Instead, the Emperor of Hype merely shakes his head before looking away.

"Sorry, big bro. I know it's been hard on you."

"I'm a tough guy. Nothing can hurt me," Bael says.

"Nah. That ain't true. Nobody's invincible. Not even you."

Both demons fall silent. Bael plops down at the edge of the cliff and leaves his legs overhanging the edge. The distant sounds of gunfire, explosions, and screams of agony barely give Bael even the slightest cause for concern. He absentmindedly watches as multiple horrific eviscerations occur among the humans and demons alike. No matter if Scythers disembowel their human opponents or humans bisect their demonic adversaries, such horrific displays of violence don't even cause the Duke of Pain to bat his eye.

"I uh... I lost contact with you for a while..." Bael says. "Near the end of the war. Honestly, I thought maybe you just didn't wanna play with me in the band anymore."

Shax says nothing. He merely turns his head to look at Bael while listening silently.

"And then, uh... well, you know what happened. Next thing I know... the humans put those... those things in your head. The metal things. Made you act like a real jerk."

Bael stares out at the horizon, his brain slowly churning as he recalls several ancient memories.

"I couldn't figure it out. You kept hitting me. Yelling like a wild dog. I thought maybe I made you mad. Then you blasted me with that awful noise, made my ears ring. When the humans jumped out and surrounded me, I even thought you might've joined hands with 'em willingly."

The Duke shakes his head. "Of course you didn't. You never gave a shit about all that dumb politics-crap. Why would you join the humans? Man. I was such an idiot."

"It's not your fault, Bael-bro..." Shax mutters. "I know you were confused. You did what you had to."

"No, I didn't..." Bael mutters. He wipes his nose, sniffling quietly. "I did you in with my own hands. I hurt you. My brother. Why did I do that? I was so dumb. I shoulda asked someone for help. Someone smart."

Shax walks over to Bael. He plops down at the cliff's edge and rests his hand on Bael's shoulder.

"Don't blame yourself, man. You always do that. You trying to make me cry or somethin'?"

"_Sniff._ Nah, Shax. I don't want that."

"Great. Tell me something cool, then. Something chill. How's my old Hell doing, eh? You been taking good care of it?"

Bael glances at Shax, then lowers his eyes.

"Err..."

"Come on, Bael! Don't tell me you never go there! What about Melody? Viola? How are the girls?"

"I-I dunno," Bael says, flushing with embarrassment. "I can't bring myself to look 'em in the eye. Not after what I did to you."

"You're still hung up on that?" Shax asks, disappointment in his voice. "Do you really think I'd blame you? After what the humans did to me? You put me out of my misery, man. That's what a real bro would do."

"A real bro..." Bael whispers. "Is that _me_? Nuh-uh. A _real_ bro would have tried harder to fix you. But... I was too dumb. I didn't know what to do, so I just used my fists. That's all I ever do. Lousy, good for nothing, me! Stupid-ass idiot! IDIOT! All I ever do is slap shit around! I'm stinkin' useless! USELESS!"

Suddenly, Bael punches himself! He batters the side of his head once, twice, and three times!

_Wham! Wham! Wham!_

The Duke of Pain roars as he physically battles himself, socking himself with enough strength to crush titanium. Even so, his fists leave no marks. His body, all but impervious to physical damage, leaves him in the same condition as if a soft breeze were to caress his face.

"Ahhh! I hate myself! I hate _me_! A stupid, dumbass idiot! Why can't I do anything right?! Why do I gotta watch as all my friends die?! I hate being dumb!"

Shax eyes him without judgment.

"This isn't just about me, is it?" Shax asks. "Bro. You couldn't have saved Satan, either."

"Satan! Agares! All of the old gang! They're all dead now!" Bael howls, as tears well up in his eye. "Even Deebs is out cold! I'm all alone, stuck with a bunch of little punks I have ta' babysit! A bunch of brats! Shit... I hate feeling like such a loser."

Shax smiles kindly. "You've always been like this, Bael. Why do you think I asked you to play in my band? I saw how lonely you looked. You were always sitting by yourself. The other guys acted like you were some boss-man way above them. They got too scared to hang out with you."

"I miss the old days!" Bael sobs. "I miss when we all just hung out playing Sticks and Bones! Why does everything have to be so complicated now?! Everyone always has some stupid plan they're working on, and it sucks! I don't understand any of it!"

As Bael cries, lamenting his lack of intelligence, Shax turns away to gaze into the distance.

"You're bumming me out, Bael," Shax says. "These ain't good vibes. Look, bro, just think about a cute little puppy for a while. You remember that one song Murmur wrote for you? 'Little Puppy Run'? You always liked that tune."

Bael pauses his blubbering to nod dumbly. "Uh... uh huh... I remember..."

"Think about that puppy. Think about some cute little bunnies. They've got big, floppy ears, right?"

"Big... floppy ears..." Beal mumbles, repeating Shax's words.

"Yeah! And fluffy fur. Big wide eyes."

"Big eyes..." Bael repeats.

After several minutes, Bael calms down.

He stares ahead vacantly, his eyes seemingly gazing into the abyss.

"Sorry, Shax. I, uh... lost myself for a minute."

Shax nods. "It happens, my dude. No biggie. Sometimes you've gotta drop some tears."

"Hey, uh... whatever happened to Murmur?" Bael asks. "I never saw her after the war. She just seemed to... disappear. I assumed she died, but never found her body. Do you have any idea, Shax? It's been nagging at me for ages."

The poofy-haired Emperor shakes his head. "Nah. If you don't know, then neither do I, bro. That's not how this works."

Bael glances at his friend. "...Because you ain't really here, right?"

"Well..."

The Duke kicks his heel against the cliff's side. "Tch. You're just a ghost of my imagination. I'm seeing shit I shouldn't cuz the humans stabbed me with that nasty eye-poker thing."

Shax climbs to his feet and stretches. "Who says I'm a ghost? Haven't you figured anything out yet, Bael?"

"Like what?" Bael asks. "Don't play word games with me, you little brat. You know I ain't smart enough to guess right."

"Look, man, it's like this..." Shax says, as he starts casually pacing back and forth. "You've always been a... special guy. You're not like other demons."

"Because I'm invincible?" Bael asks.

"Something like that," Shax answers. "But your body is hardly your most unique trait. It's actually your soul that's special."

Bael frowns. "My soul? Whaddya mean?"

"Things didn't go so well for me..." Shax says. "You know what you did to stop me. I don't blame you for that. I wasn't myself. I tried to hurt you, all because the humans made me do it. I wanted to apologize, but I couldn't even control my mouth. It was... it was like I was a prisoner in my own body."

The Duke of Pain keeps quiet. He listens to Shax's explanation without saying a word.

"Even though the humans took over my brain and body, they didn't have what it takes to completely overpower my soul. So, in the end, I managed to trick 'em a little bit."

Shax continues. "When you landed that last punch and did a _snappy_ on my neck... I managed to free myself for a moment. With my last bit of strength, I planted a little something on you. Always hoped we'd get to chat sooner, but..."

Bael facepalms.

"Oh, devils. I get it now, man. Shit."

"Yeah..." Shax says, scratching his chin awkwardly. "You're kinda garbage when it comes to magic and soul manipulation, big bro. I kept trying to get your attention, but you never managed to hear me. Not until the humans shot you with that barb."

Bael laughs. "Bahaha! You're kidding me! All this devil-damned time, and you were right here in my head? Listening to me and my problems? Don't tell me you heard me blubbering like a little bitch after you died!"

"Err..." Shax mutters awkwardly. "...I didn't blame ya, bro. It wasn't a big deal. Besides, I can only wake up here and there, not all the time. My soul doesn't have a ton of juice left."

"Fuck you, jerkbag!" Bael yells, though his tone doesn't contain a trace of hostility. "You shithead! I can't tell if I'm madder at you or me! What a bunch of rotten luck."

Several seconds pass.

Bael slowly clambers to his feet, then starts walking north along Hero City's cliff border.

Shax floats over and falls into step beside Bael.

"Where are you going?" Shax asks. "Aren't you gonna mope around a bit longer? Cry a bit more for my sake?"

"Shaddap!" Bael says. He waves his hand at Shax casually, as if having seen through a random pest's plans. "You're a real dickweed, Shax. Poking at me, making me all choked up just to get your rocks off. You haven't changed a bit!"

"Hahaha!" Shax laughs. "Guilty as charged! It wasn't exactly fun hanging around you, doing nothin' for all those years, but at least it was better than running the Hell of Isolation. You know I hated managing a bunch of goobers!"

"Right, right..." Bael replies. "Look, man, since you're here now, let's cut the crap. We should hang out and have fun, just like the good old days!"

"Yeah? What've you got in mind?" Shax asks.

Bael smiles devilishly.

"Let's pull some pranks!"

---

>!This is what a spoiler looks like! Click it to reveal the text!!