Part 129: Make it Double

**[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHPNJfw1i7U)**

Azazel and Azog dance around us on opposite sides. They clap their hands rhythmically to some inaudible song, hopping and skipping as they summon and disperse fire within their grasp.

"♫C'mon, little cutie, there's no need to cry!♫" The pink one says.

"♫We're not mean; we're a couple of nice guys!♫" The blue one says, adding onto his brother's rhyme.

"♫Dance and clap, sing and play!♫"

"♫Have fun! We'll be here all day!♫"

"♫Hee-hee!♫"

"♫Ho-ho!♫"

The Sunshine Brothers clap their hands together and disperse sparkly fire throughout the air, allowing it to cascade upon the dead grass, where it fizzles into ash.

Satan's jaw slackens as he stands idly and watches them dance around us. "Who _are_ these numbskulls? Bael! Get your ass up."

The big guy chokes back sobs and forces himself to his feet. He bites his lip and suppresses his inner turmoil as best as he can. "It's hopeless. They're... the most annoying demons ever. Shut 'em up, please!"

Satan's eyes flick to the demon dressed in pink. It's now that he notices the name _Azazel_ embroidered in fancy gold lettering across his chest. However, someone has sewn the middle 'a' into the shape of a heart.

_That one's probably the older brother_ Satan thinks to himself.

"Hey, clowns! Knock it off with all that singing and dancing! You're gonna make me throw up!"

From behind us, Azog, the blue demon, stomps his foot. Fire erupts from his boot and launches him over our heads. He pirouettes in midair, lands delicately on his upraised hands, and cartwheels into a standing position beside Azazel. The two of them begin dancing in sync, kicking their legs up, twirling around, and unleashing all sorts of fabulous dance moves. I can't help but be impressed by their movements, even if Satan isn't.

"♫Come on, new guy! You know you love us!♫"

"♫After we take you down, Valac will promote us!♫"

"♫We've got one job, and that's to beat your behind!♫"

"♫It seems that our fates are intertwined!♫"

Their brilliant, sparkling smiles threaten to stop Satan's heart from sheer fabulousness. The poor guy hasn't a clue how to react. "I don't want to beat up a couple of fellas just for dancing. Get out of my way, kids. You don't know who you're messin' with."

Azazel spreads his fingers out in a V-sign. "♫Nope! But it doesn't matter! Once we finish our verses, we'll begin in earnest!♫"

Azog presses his back against his brother's and links their hand together. "♫Our moves are too hot! You're like a frog, boiled in a thermos!♫"

Satan squeezes the bridge of his nose. _I can't take this shit — Bael's right. These guys make me want to drill holes in my skull. Everything about them hurts my very being. They're just not right in the head!_

Stepping forward, the self-proclaimed King of all Demons takes a menacing stance. "Last warning. Get out of my way, pups. You're starting to piss me off."

"♫Ooh, so scary!~ Look at how his eyes fill with blood!♫"

Azog winks. "♫How about you take a nap in the mud?♫"

Azog, the blue-wearing demon, suddenly pounces at us. Satan's heart skips a beat. Using fire from his boots to boost his speed, Azog clears the ten-foot gap instantly and slaps his palm against our chest.

"Poof! Now we can play with Bael! He's fun to tease!"

"Wh-"

The Devil doesn't get a chance to respond. His eyes slam shut, and his vision turns black. 

Our soul flees the realm of the living.

Darkness takes us.

We awaken somewhere between a second and five minutes later to see Bael cowering on the ground, each brother trying to pull him to his feet.

"♫-that he's gone, it's just the three of us!♫"

"♫That's right! We'll dress you real cute; no need to be a wuss!♫"

Satan doesn't move. He closes his eyes and pretends to be dead, even as his mind races.

_What the fuck just happened? Azog killed me with a single touch? Impossible. He palmed my chest. That's all! Compared to when Poseidon and Raphael hit me, Azog's attack had no strength behind it whatsoever!_

_It's... it's as if my soul simply evaporated._

A shudder goes down the Devil's body.

_That little blue bitch took me out in one hit. I've got tons of souls to spare, but I can't let attacks like that land anymore._

Satan slams his Vectors into the ground. His eyes bolt open as he pounces to his feet. "Alright. I'm finished playing games, cloud-boys. What did you do to me?"

Azog whirls to face us. His playful smile vanishes as he stares at us in shock. "What? You're alive?"

Azazel, likewise, stops harassing Bael to gaze at us. The pink demon narrows his eyes. "That shouldn't be possible. Nobody can survive a hit from Soulfire."

When they stop rhyming, a chill goes down Satan's spine.

"Yeah? I just did, you stupid cunts," Satan says. The blood vessels in our neck tighten as the Devil sets his jaw and clenches his fists. "I don't know what you did, and I ain't amused."

Satan's thoughts race. _Soulfire? What the fuck is that? I've never heard of such a technique. Don't tell me it kills the victim instantly. That would be too convenient._

Azog frowns. He forces a smile, but something about it feels off. "♫Hm. I felt my power increase, and his soul became mine. Why's he still walking, though? That's not sublime!♫"

"Ugh," Satan grunts. "It's been so long since I heard Valac's shitty rhymes, but you've reminded me how much I hate 'em. If you don't stop talking, I'm gonna have to shut you up."

The Sunshine Brothers walk past Bael, ignoring the slobbering, blubbering mess of a future Demon Duke. Their eyes lock onto me.

Azazel hisses through his teeth. "Hit him again."

As if someone had pulled the trigger on a pistol, Azog bolts forward. He blasts off from a standstill and rushes toward Satan with frightening speed.

This time, Satan is ready. One of our Vectors sits embedded in the ground before us. It tears up dirt and flings it at Azog's face while the other invisible limbs yank us backward. Our hail of debris catches the blue demon off-guard. Rainbow-colored flames fire from his palm, but he only manages to hit our afterimage.

Satan narrows his gaze. _What the hell was that? Luckily, I dodged. These guys are total amateurs. I can take 'em._

The flames from Azog's palm surge outward and disperse harmlessly into the air. Satan comes to a stop and holds his Vectors out to protect himself. However, from Azog's initial attack, a single wisp of rainbow-flames breezes through the air toward us. Satan's eyes follow it.

_Hm?_

The tiny, insignificant bit of fire brushes against our arm.

Satan's heart stops.

"Hurk-?!"

Our vision darkens, and another of Satan's souls fizzles into nothingness.

Darkness takes us.

We awaken, only to spot Azazel and Azog standing over us. Their eyes widen. They leap backward and take a defensive stance.

Azog's face pales. "I knew it! My Soulfire connected! How is he still alive?!"

Azazel grits his teeth. "I... I don't know. No demon has ever... ah... ruined our jive..."

The older brother's forced rhyme betrays his inner turmoil. He can't think straight, since neither of the brothers has seen someone endure their Soulfire before. It must be quite a surprise.

I've never battled a demon who wielded Soulfire. However, several years ago, I learned from Phoebe the specifics of how it worked. She and the military forces inside the Labyrinth Core battled against Beelzebub. Using the power of his rainbow flames, he killed thousands of humans and monsters when the faintest traces of his magic touched any part of their bodies.

More importantly, his rank grew after absorbing all of those souls. He empowered himself from a Lord to a Baron effortlessly. Soulfire isn't only a deadly attack that can kill someone instantly, but it transfers their soul into the demon's body, empowering the attacker further.

In my opinion, it's the most dangerous attack any demon can possess. It's the lethality of Valac's scythe combined with the range of a projectile.

Satan leaps to his feet. "Oh? Didn't Valac tell you? I'm immortal, you stupid peacocks. You can't kill me, no matter how you try."

"L-lies!" Azog yells. "All lies! Nobody lives forever! Let's get him, big brother!"

Azazel motions to summon his Soulfire, but Satan is too fast. He charges at the older brother and swings a Vector down to shatter his arm.

From behind us, a wave of heat strikes our back. Satan's vision darkens. 

_Shit! My blind sp-_

When we wake up, Satan's heart skips a beat as he spots Azazel above us, palm held at the ready. Before Satan can move a muscle, rainbow-colored flames splash against our chest.

"You little bast-!"

Satan's voice falters as he falls into the void once again, only to reawaken in time for Azog to attack next.

_I can't counter fast enough! They keep-_

...

Time after time, Satan opens his eyes and tries to attack the two demons, but they take turns hitting us with their Soulfire.

"Keep it up, Azog! He can't regenerate forev-"

Satan's vision turns black as he fails to catch Azazel's last words.

...

Ten times. A hundred. Satan loses count, as do I. The Sunshine Brothers hit us with Soulfire again and again.

Suddenly, Satan's eyes open. Azazel and Azog fall back, sweat pouring off their faces. They swallow air in great gulps as they gasp for breath.

"I... I can't... keep it... going!" Azog wheezes. "Nuh... no... no energy..."

Satan's Vectors activate, yanking him out of the range of the pyromancers. He skitters away on his eight limbs like a spider fleeing a predator. Only when Satan has put the length of half a football field between him and the Sunshine Brothers does he slow down to examine them.

_The two fire-barfers stopped attacking. What's going on? Are they trying to trick me?_

Azazel clutches his heart. Veins bulge in his forehead as he slumps to his knees. "Yuh-you... blasted... what is he? He's not... not a demon... he's a monster..."

Despite Azazel and Azog's sudden weakness, Satan doesn't move to attack. He's grown wary of their powers.

_I underestimated those runts. Now I need to play it smart and hit 'em from a distance. I've gotta avoid their Soulfire at all costs!_

Satan's eye twitches. He glances past Azazel and Azog to Bael, who has been reduced to a state of clinging to his knees and rocking back and forth. He looks at me guiltily, as if to say, _sorry I didn't help, but these guys are too much for me!_

"Fucking Bael," Satan mutters. "Big bunch of help _you_ are."

The Devil weaves a dozen signs with his hands. Summoning the power of Earth manipulation from earlier, he slaps his palm against the dirt.

_Earthquake!_

...

Nothing happens.

Satan frowns. "What?"

As Azazel and Azog lean against each other and wipe sweat from their foreheads, Satan opens and closes his fist repeatedly. He stares at his palm, trying to figure out why the spell didn't work.

_Did I screw up? Those should have been the correct signs to summon an earthquake._

Once again, Satan recreates the formations to activate his seismic sense instead of an earthquake. When he slaps his palm against the ground, several seconds pass. 

Nothing happens.

The Devil gazes at the dead, blackened earth. His stomach clenches as several possibilities swirl in his mind.

_What the fuck?! My earth manipulation... it's gone! I used it earlier. How could it have vanished? Impossible!_

His blood turns ice-cold.

_Seven Devils. Those fire-flinging BASTARDS! My earth manipulation must have been tied to one of the souls in my body. Azog and Azazel's damned Soulfire probably burned it out! If that's the case, then... my Vectors. Samael. If I let them keep attacking me, I could lose the Archangel's power. This fight isn't a joke anymore. My body might grow stronger with each soul expended, but I can't afford to lose the versatility my souls provide me. I need to end this, quickly._

A voice whispers in the air, its words inaudible. Satan jerks his head left and right, trying to find the speaker, but whoever they are, they don't present themselves.

Suddenly, Azog leaps to his feet. His exhaustion disappears, and the sweat on his skin dries up. "♫Ho?! Look at that! I've got a second wind! Now I need not feel any chagrin!♫"

Azazel follows. He takes a deep breath. "♫It's not you, little brother, but Valac instead. He spared some mana to restore us, for we're no good to him dead!♫"

_Bloody devils..._ Satan thinks to himself as the Sunshine Brothers take a menacing step toward us. _Now Valac is interfering. What a goddamned chicken-shit. If he were a real man, he'd come out here and fight me himself. How little does he think of me to send out a couple of goons instead of facing me head-on?_

Satan frowns. _No. If anything, these two are insane. I can't see any ordinary demon standing a chance against them. It's no wonder Lucifer hasn't tried to beat Valac's ass into bonemeal if these two are his mightiest warriors. I haven't found a way to defend against their Soulfire. If they're like any other Fire-type, they can probably expel it from their body in all directions. I can't even hit 'em from their blind spots._

Dread trickles down Satan's back as the brothers pounce at us. _If Valac keeps restoring their energy; I'm going to run out of souls and lose my Vectors. I need to avoid them, no matter what!_

Azog rushes us from the front. He forms signs with his hands and shoots a concentrated beam of Soulfire at our chest. "♫Stand still, little one, and I'll make this painless. Cruelty is ugly, and excessively tasteless!♫"

Before the Soulfire hits us, Satan's Vectors pound the dirt and send him flying above the tree canopy. In the blink of an eye, he flips through the souls still in his body.

One demon's ability catches his eye. _Air manipulation. That'll have to do!_

Satan summons wind behind himself and uses it to propel us forward. He rockets into the forest below and smashes into the Earth beside Bael. "Get up, big guy! We're retreating!"

Bael stares at me. "They're too fast! We can't run, boss. Uwaaa!"

"Stop bawling, dumbass! If they hit you with their Soulfire, you're a goner! C'mon!!"

One of Satan's Vectors grabs Bael by his arm and flings him into the sky. Satan leaps after him, just in time to avoid a Soulfire attack from Azazel, who has pivoted to chase us.

"♫Come back here; I'm not done with you yet! Valac wants you dead, and that's what he'll get!♫"

_Bloody hell!_ The Devil yells in his mind. _I need to get Bael outta here and find another avenue of attack!_

Azog soars into the air between Bael and us, propelled by flames rushing from his boots. He cuts off our escape route and throws a wall of Soulfire at us.

Satan slaps the wind, using his low-level air manipulation to stop his forward momentum and fling himself backward.

Unfortunately, we sail toward Azazel, waiting below.

"♫That's the spirit, little brother! Let's stop him here! After today, we'll forever stay in Valac's sphere!♫"

_Shit!_

Satan can't dodge in time. As Bael's flailing body lands somewhere in the forest behind Azog, Satan falls into Azazel's grasp, including the Soulfire he holds at the ready.

Azazel's eyes widen into a crazed, maniacal expression. "Now I've got you!!"

His palm pounds our back. Satan's vision goes dark as the ground rushes at us.

_Whump!_

...

Once again, we awaken just in time for the warmth of the rainbow flames to splash against our shoulders. This time, we've ended up face-down while the Sunshine Brothers unleash an onslaught of Soulfire against our defenseless body.

"Keep it up! Don't let him-"

I don't catch the rest of Azog's words. My mind falls into darkness.

"Hit him again! This time, we'll-"

Darkness.

"We can do this all day! He'll perish eventually-"

Darkness.

Satan's mind slips in and out of consciousness. Over and over, the two firebenders pour their energy into each attack, burning out Satan's souls one by one. His muscles thicken as the power of the Titans strengthens him after each death. His mind sharpens. His jaw sets.

Eventually, Satan learns the timing of their attacks. When his senses return, he pounds his Vectors into the ground to fling himself somewhere- anywhere. He hasn't a clue where to dodge.

He fails. The edge of one flame nicks us. We grind into the dirt and fall into darkness again.

When we awaken, he tries to dodge once more. He pushes against the blackened Earth, using his full strength to launch himself straight up. 

He succeeds.

Satan's strength is so incredible that even when Azog's Soulfire barely nicks us and another of our souls fizzles away, we continue blasting off into the sky above.

We awaken to find ourselves still rising. Satan's eyes snap open. Clouds grow distant beneath us. The atmosphere turns from blue to black.

Satan tries to inhale, but he can barely take the tiniest of breaths. This high above Earth, there's almost no oxygen at all, and we're still ascending.

We're nearly in space.

The Devil flails wildly, trying to figure out what the hell happened. 

Our ascent slows to a crawl.

Then, we begin to fall.

Earth's Gravity gives us a gentle tug. Softly at first, like a mother placing her baby in a cradle. We pick up speed within seconds and hurtle toward the clouds below. Stray pockets of turbulence batter us back and forth, turning our free-fall into a careening plummet to the Earth. Satan spins and twists, unable to control his angle as he falls.

"Fuuuuuuuuck!!!!!"

Satan howls in terror as we pierce the cloud cover. Suddenly, as if a switch has flipped in his mind, Satan regains his composure, holds his arms out, and reorients his form. He rotates and spins to make his head face our final destination.

When he does, the sight takes our breath away.

From an aerial perspective, we can finally see Mother Earth in all her splendor. To the north and west, unending blackness from Valac's Blight stretches as far as our gaze can reach. To the south and east, green, red, and the rest of the rainbow's colors mark a hard line where nature's beauty meets the Blight's chaos.

The Blight has a limit. Valac's hand might reach far and wide, but he has not yet brought ruin upon the entire Earth.

Satan inhales sharply. As a minute ticks down, his eyes fixate on our destination. A sizable crater sits where we pushed off. Satan's strength was so incredible that when he launched himself into the atmosphere, he did so with nearly the force of a tactical nuke. A gaping hole sits in the middle of the blackened forest. Even as we rush toward the crater, trees continue to crackle and fall into the sloped abyss.

Superheated air from our rapid descent whistles against our back. Satan curls up his body and wraps his Vectors around himself as he braces for impact.

We smash into the ground at terminal velocity, sending a shockwave in all directions. Trees fall, the crater trembles, but we survive.

Satan blinks, surprised by how little he felt from his collision with the planet. Immediately, he stretches his Vectors out and levitates eight feet in the air, holding himself up so that he isn't a target for the Sunshine Brothers to attack.

Sweeping his vision across the battlefield, Satan spots Azazel and Azog standing atop the edge of the crater. Both of them stare at us, mouths agape. They appear awed by our durability, as if they aren't sure they can ever defeat us.

Something catches their attention. The brothers jerk their heads back to gaze into the forest right as Bael crashes into them, sending all three demons plummeting into the crater. They hit the ground with a sickening _crunch_, spiraling and rolling until they reach the bottom, where they come to a stop.

"Oy, Bael! Get out of there, idiot!" Satan cries out in alarm. "What are you thinking?!"

Bael jerks his head up. "Satan? Oh, shit! I thought they killed you! Aw, fuck, I didn't mean-"

Before Bael can finish his sentence, Azog leaps to his feet. Fire burns in his eyes as he scowls at Bael. "♫Damn you! That wasn't cute at all! Now it's your turn to take a fall!♫"

Azog summons Soulfire in his palm and prepares to blast Bael with all his might. Realizing his friend is about to die, Satan yanks himself to the ground. He barrels into Bael with the force of a freight train, smashing the massive demon with enough power to plunge us several feet underground.

Azog's Soulfire proves impossible to dodge. It tears into our makeshift burrow, splashes against Satan's back, and scorches our soul, sending us to purgatory for what must be the thousandth time today.

...

Satan jolts awake, only to find himself lying on his back at the base of the crater once again. Bael stands in the center, each of his hands wrapped around the Sunshine Brother's throats. He holds them above his head and squeezes with enough force to make their bones pop. "Shut up! Shut up, shut up, shutupshutupSHUTUP!! You cunts never stop running your fucking mouths!"

Azog kicks and wriggles as he tries to escape Bael's grasp. He turns blue in the face and resorts to flinging rainbow fireballs against Bael's chest. To Satan's astonishment, as well as mine, they don't even tickle the future Duke. He ignores the Soulfire completely.

"L-luh! Let us... guh! Go!"

"I told you to shut your fucking mouths! GAHH!" Bael swings his arm down and smashes Azog into the dirt. Satan stumbles as the continental plates rattle beneath him, but his Vectors manage to hold us upright.

Azog goes limp in Bael's grasp. Within seconds, the big guy goes berserk, smashing both of them down, over and over, releasing thunderous _booms_ throughout the forest, echoing for miles in every direction. "Die! Die! Die! DIE!! DIE!!!"

"Bael! Stop! STOP!" Satan yells. He lashes four of his vectors out, grabs Bael's arms and legs, and tries desperately to immobilize the eight-foot-tall demon. "Knock it off! Don't blow your stack!"

Bael struggles in our grip. He jerks his head back to shoot a death stare at me. "Lemme go! Get your fuckin' paws off me!"

Three of Satan's vectors grab the Earth to try and give us leverage as Bael yanks his arms and legs around. He puts a monumental effort into attempting to break free, but we manage to hold him steady and use our eighth Vector to pry his thumbs off each of the Sunshine Brother's throats. They flop to the ground, unconscious, perhaps even dead.

"Focus! If you keep making all that racket, every angel and Titan across the globe is going to find us!"

"Like I give a shit!" Bael snarls. Using every ounce of strength in his body, he digs his feet into the ground and slowly pivots to face us. Bael begins pressing against our Vectors with terrific force, making each of the invisible limbs tremble as they strain to hold him back. "I said... get... your paws... off me!"

Satan's breathing comes in short gasps. His eyes widen as he fights the big guy with every bit of power in his body.

_Incredible! Even after all the strength those souls gave me, I can barely hold Bael back! Hell, he's winning! I can't keep this up!_

Bael draws nearer. Five feet. Four. Three.

Soon, he comes within arms reach. At that moment, Satan seems to remember he has limbs other than his Vectors. Namely, his fleshy hands.

The Devil rears back and punches Bael's stomach with every drop of strength left in his body. His fist splashes against Bael's stomach like water against a rock. All of our fingers instantly fracture a thousand times. Electric pain like nothing I've felt before rockets up our arm, short-circuits our brain, and makes Satan howl in pain. "Fuuuuck!!"

Our Vectors lose control. They release their hold on Bael, and the giant rushes forward, no longer restrained by our puny strength. His body hits us like an avalanche of stone and steel, demolishing what's left of our reserves.

"Puny demon! Puny! You no tell me what to do! You no tell me-"

Our vision goes black as he grabs us by the leg and pounds us into the dirt.

---

"Satan? Satan! Aw, hell! You're alive! Thank the devils!"

Bael's voice rouses us from a deep sleep. His worried tone tells me he's returned to normal, at the least.

Satan groans. "Ugh. Fucker. You went crazy again. Just... just like old times. Ahh, my chest is killing me."

"Oops," Bael mutters. "I, uh, kept hitting you to try'n wake you up."

"Thanks..."

Satan stands up and dusts himself off. His gaze travels to Azazel and Azog's bodies, where they lay unmoving a few hundred feet away. It looks like Bael piled them atop one another.

"Cripes. Are those two dead?" Satan asks.

Bael turns his head to look at the Sunshine Brothers. "Huh? Nah. I broke a few bones. Nothin' too serious. A few centuries in the Blood Pits'll take care of 'em."

"I'm sorry, the _what_?"

"The Blood Pits. You ain't heard of 'em?"

Satan raises an eyebrow. "I haven't. Never mind that. My brain's still spinning. I must have lost around 30% of my reserves. What a mess."

Bael cocks his head. "Ruh-surves?"

"My, uh... it's complicated. Where's the entrance to Valac's den?"

Bael stares at me questioningly, but his short attention span beats out his curiosity. He gestures toward the other side of the crater. "Dunno. I think it was over there somewhere. Pretty sure you buried the entrance."

"Wonderful. Let's start digging, then," Satan replies. He starts walking toward the other side of the pit, not bothering with his Vectors for once. Bael falls into step beside us, and Satan turns to look at him. "Hey, Bael. Didn't those two hit you with Soulfire? Why didn't it hurt you?"

"Soulfire - what now?" Bael asks. "What're you talkin' about?"

"Those rainbow flames. They sear a demon's soul to ash and kill him instantly. I saw them hit you. Why are you still standing?"

Bael shrugs. "No clue. I didn't even feel em. I don't think a fire demon has ever hurt me before."

Satan appears unconvinced. "Maybe so, but you ought to be more careful. You might have survived by a fluke, but don't just count on your durability to save you."

"Aww," Bael says. His mouth spreads into a shit-eating grin. "Are you worried about me?"

Satan rolls his eyes. "_Yes._ Help me start digging. Let's uncover the entrance again."

Bael returns his gaze forward and starts pawing at the ground. "What a pal."

"Oh, shut up."