Part 403: Psion Realization

_Volgarius, inside a certain Psionic Enclave Tower in the planet's fourth super-sector._

Hope Hiro continues listening as Aspirator Raavul begins educating her newest disciple, Initiator Ferral, on the absolute basics of psionic growth. The classroom's master levitates an inch off the ground and floats back and forth while she talks, commanding a certain air of authority, despite her earlier humiliation at the hands of Educator Norim.

[Forging a Psionic Seed is not a sprint, but a marathon. Only diligent study will allow one to take slow but certain steps on their journey to reaching the higher ranks. Ferral, you have not yet even begun to condense your seed, and that means you are in your most unique and pliable state. In order to take the first step, you must first determine what your basic aptitudes are.]

She motions toward a cube levitating in the air at the front of the classroom, some sort of slowly spinning alien-looking artifact that glows faintly blue and appears to be twice the size of an average Psion's head.

When the Aspirator motions toward the cube, it glows visibly brighter, and an object materializes into reality above it, causing Hope's eyes to widen in surprise. Raavul conjures a palm-sized opal into reality, then gently tosses it with her psionic powers to land on the floor in front of Initiator Ferral.

[This is a Psi-gem.] Raavul explains. [Focus your psionic energy into its core and it will determine your basic aptitudes.]

[I already did this not long after my Osmosis.] Ferral snarks. [There's no need to waste your time. I'll just tell you my aptitudes now.]

[You will test them again.] Raavul says, her eyes flaring with anger. [I am your master, now. You will not question my authority. I am already in _quite_ the poor mood.]

Her words send a chill down the spines of all of her remaining disciples. Recalling the loss their master endured to Educator Norim, they shudder at the realization that if she ever did fly off the handle and attack them, her Third Level psionic strength would rip them all apart before they even managed to send out a cry for help.

Even Ferral becomes noticeably more chilled when his master's eyes narrow to focus on him. [Of... of course, Aspirator Raavul. I will test my aptitudes for you now.]

He quickly grabs up the light blue stone, one seemingly lacking any sort of interesting features, yet which also hums with a faint level of psionic power. He closes his eyes, then pours his psionic energy into its interior.

After a few moments, the Psi-gem glows pure white, then projects a series of alien words into the air above all of the disciple's heads. Their gazes lift upward to read them.

[What?] Aspirator Raavul asks, visibly taken aback. [Such... such incredible aptitudes? You must have inherited Proctor Landis's best traits. I wonder who else he merged with to produce such results...]

She blinks her eyes heavily.

[...Initiator Ferral. You possess an A-Class aptitude for Spatial Psionics, Body Manipulation, and Energy Transference. You further possess B-Class aptitudes for half a dozen other disciplines and innumerable C-class aptitudes as well. Frankly, I've not seen a disciple of your caliber in all my cycles of teaching. Why, then, do you not wish to further your abilities?]

[I already stated my reasons.] Ferral says, his mental voice quiet. [I don't have any interest. And I couldn't understand how to start, anyway. My creators were useless in teaching me the first steps.]

[You were unable to form a Psionic Seed, then?] Raavul asks, levitating closer to her newest disciple. [While creating your basic seed is not a difficult process, it is not particularly mindless either. You need only remain attentive for thirty rotational cycles while slowly condensing your energy into its intitial seed-state.]

Ferral groans. [I am aware of the mechanics. But it takes so much time to condense a seed. And then once I do condense it, I still need to start meditating and focusing my energy for hundreds and thousands of cycles before I even reach the Second Level. The Third Level will take even longer, and the Fourth, the Fifth... it is an endless journey that I see no reason to embark on!]

Raavul knits her brow. She gazes wordlessly at her newest disciple for several long moments while quietly debating what the heck to do with him.

[...You are too impatient.] Raavul finally concludes. [The time required to ascend is indeed long and arduous. The trials will not be easy to complete. But your mental state is wrong. You have disregarded the joy and privilege of Ascension to focus on worthless ancillary thoughts. There is no greater joy than to achieve the highest levels of Psionic Power.]

[I disagree.] Ferral says. [_You_ seek to achieve power. But why must I also desire that goal? It seems most Psions want power for power's sake. Right now, your reason has to do with someday fighting the Plague and protecting our species, but what happens if we do succeed? If we defeat the Plague, what reason will we then have to continue our Ascension? For ever-more increasing conquest of other worlds and galaxies deep within the Void? It is an endless and fruitless quest. There is no point in pursuing it!]

After Ferral finishes speaking, Raavul flicks her attention to the other disciples in her class. Surprisingly, she finds a disturbing trend among many of them. They no longer mock or jeer Ferral, but instead listen attentively to his arguments while contemplating the logic behind his words.

_Damn._ Raavul grimaces. _This little fool... his words are beginning to sway the mental states of my other disciples. I'll bet Educator Norim planned to insert this disruptor into my ranks from the very beginning. Anything to ruin me. All because of that one time I made him look like an idiotic fool in front of the Proctor..._

However, Raavul doesn't become angry. Instead she eases up on her posture and assumes a calm, stoic demeanor. Gently, the Aspirator levitates back to the front of the classroom.

[Ferral. When you first entered my Enclave, you stated that you wished to stop training so you could leave and travel to other worlds. You wish to gaze upon their scenic vistas and enjoy the sights as you please. Is my explanation of your mindset accurate?]

Ferral nods. [Yes, Aspirator. I would prefer to live my life in peace, enjoying every cycle as it comes.]

[I see.] Raavul says, slowly blinking her eyes. [In truth, Psions like you are becoming more and more common of late. The moment you began uttering such deviant thoughts, it became my prerogative to ship you off to a Recycling Enclave.]

Several Psions in the audience tense up at their master's words. Ferral, however, does not.

[If my choice is a miserable existence for all eternity or a dissipation of my vessel through a Recycler, then I will happily choose the latter.]

[Yes. I imagined you would.] Raavul says. [But death is not a necessary option. I am something of an oddball among the many Educators in our great and glorious Empire. I actually care about the development of my disciples. Certainly, I seek to evolve my thinking and improve my lot in life, but I also wish to see my disciples happy and living in pursuit of their most deeply-held goals. Take your fellow disciple, Initiator Tarim. He seeks to emulate the Changelings by mastering the art of body manipulation to shift his form.]

Raavul shakes her head.

[Any other Educator would have cast him aside. I have certainly warned Tarim that continuing his Path would be a foolish endeavor, but I will not stop him from pursuing his desires. After all, should he succeed, he will become an incredible innovator among Psions, someone who may herald a unique sub-branch of Body Manipulation! And if he perishes... he will at least die after seeking out what he cares about most.]

The Aspirator holds out her hand, palm-up. [You see, Ferral, you currently believe that your goals are incompatible with Psion philosophy. You believe that only by casting aside your Psionic abilities can you obtain what you seek.]

She folds her palm into a fist and points it at Ferral.

[You are wrong! In fact, the goals you wish to achieve are best achieved by attaining ultimate power!]

Ferral blinks. [They... are? I do not understand, Aspirator. What do you mean?]

Instead of immediately answering, Raavul pauses for a moment while a distant look appears in her eyes. She shakes her head, then motions toward the blue cube in the front of the room. The multi-phasic device materialized a holographic image in the air, one of a molten world covered in poisonous gas, rank fumes, and scorching temperatures.

[When I ascended to the Second Level, I took my first mission ever.] Raavul explains. [I traveled to the world of Gorgorath. It was an undeveloped, backwater planet with no life-forms. My job was to scour its surface and report everything I found to the Survey Council.]

[Gorgorath was a terrible planet to remain on for any extended periods of time.] Raavul continues. [These days, I could manage the task quite easily, but back then, I was only a Second-Level Initiator. I had not even earned my first title. Even so, I was awed by Gorgorath's... beauty. Yes, it was a terrible world. Its air was acrid and inhospitable to all life. I had to repeatedly exit its bounds and return to my craft in orbit to regain my bearings. But even so... I will never forget the thrill I experienced of being the first Volgrim to fully explore its secrets. I alone know everything there is to know about that blood-red volcanic blob of death.]

She pauses for a moment.

[Ferral, your thoughts are wrong because you mistakenly believe that if you pursue your Path, you will have to abandon those pursuits you value most. You wish to observe the beauty of the galaxy. Fair enough. But who says you must only pursue leisure or a Path exclusively? Who is to say you cannot take your time and progress as you please?]

Ferral sits up a little straighter. [You are saying... I could split my focus?]

[Naturally.] Raavul answers. [Have you forgotten the first tenet of the Psionic Laws? 'Forging a Psionic Seed is not a sprint, but a marathon.' Do these words mean nothing to you?]

She chuckles. [Hah. You have stubbornly avoided even the basics of forging a Psionic Seed, yet in doing so you have delayed yourself from taking the first step toward your true goals.]

Raavul cocks her head. [And furthermore. You seem to have a... rather unique opinion. You believe Volgrimkind would be better suited to pursuing a stable peace, not chasing after endless expansion. But let me ask you this, young Initiator. Do you think anyone will be swayed by the arguments of a brat who has yet to reach even the First Level?]

Ferral's expression warps in shock as he reels from his master's words. He lowers his eyes and shudders, realizing for the first time ever what a fool he has been.

[Teacher... you... you are right. I have spoken such ignorant words. If I wish to affect change, I must achieve greatness in a Path so that others will respect me.]

[Exactly correct!] Raavul replies. [With great power, you will be able to leave and pursue your goals while also benefitting the Volgrim Empire. And with the mightiest of strength, you will be able to make your voice heard to influence the path of our great civilization. Take our lauded Executors, for instance.]

Raavul motions with her hand to change the scene of the planet Gorgorath to holographic images of the Volgrim Empire's mightiest 8th-Ranked Psions, a mixture of males and females.

[Do you think these individuals, our most respected leaders, are a hivemind? Far from it. They each have their own ideas for what the Empire should do to improve itself. Take Executor Nufaris, for example. He is a male who values conquest of indigenous peoples. His war against the Terrans hardened his beliefs. He has professed on multiple occasions that we should slaughter our inferiors to prevent them from rising up to threaten us.]

She points to one of the female Executors. [But look also at Executor Riley. She is quite different from Executor Nufaris. She wishes for us to enslave and raise up promising civilizations so that we might steal their technology or other collective insights. She believes in pursuing a diverse ecosystem of thought. She is also quite friendly with the Technopaths.]

Raavul slowly shakes her head. [Ah, but what a shame. We do not seem to have any Executors who exclusively seek out peace or de-emphasizing expansionism. Don't you find that to be unfortunate, Ferral? Imagine if you were to rise up to becoming an Executor. Imagine the influence you would wield! You could reshape our society! And with your excellent aptitudes, you do possess a minor possibility of reaching this goal someday.]

Ferral nods repeatedly. [Aspirator! Your words are wise! I have lived for two hundred cycles but this is the first I have heard someone speak in such a manner! I must apologize for my terrible behavior earlier. You have truly opened this inferior and shameful disciple's eyes!]

His fellow classmates all nod in unison. Never have they heard their master speak like this before, but clearly, she has put some thought into this in the past, or she would not be able to elucidate her thoughts in such a coherent way.

Raavul becomes quiet. Her voice softens, and she sighs.

[You know... many Volgrim have secretly begun to think such thoughts. We won't say them out loud, of course. At least not publicly. But the last 100,000 cycles have been... exhausting. I myself am only twenty-thousand cycles of age, yet we have been at war with the Plague for my entire existence.]

She heavily sighs.

[Endless war. Endless battles for survival. It seems more and more likely every cycle that we will not survive the Plague. It will devour us. We will scatter to the Void, refugees living upon spacecraft. Perhaps we will flee to another galaxy and settle down again. But even if we do make it that far, we will have to fight and conquer all over again.]

[If we manage to defeat the Plague,] she continues, [what will change? Will we return to our former goals of conquest and extermination? Perhaps we will enjoy a brief hiatus of our expansionary efforts while reconquering worlds lost to the Plague, before setting back out to spreading our influence beyond the Milky Way?]

Initiator Tarim, the disciple who pursues the ability to shift his body like a Changeling, glances from Ferral to Raavul. [Aspirator. Do you believe the Founders are pursuing the wrong goals?]

[No.] Raavul says, without a hint of hesitation. [By no means would I ever claim such a thing or think such thoughts, and neither should you. Founder Unarin is wise. Founder Dosena is just. Our species has conquered countless enemies and thrived for millions of cycles under their combined rule. It is simply not our place to judge their lofty acts from our lowly positions.]

The Aspirator returns her attention to the entirety of her enclave. [If you wish to hold strong opinions on the future the Volgrim should pursue, I advise that you continue advancing your Paths. Now that Ferral has been enlightened, I assume there will be no further delays in consolidating his Seed.]

Initiator Ferral nods along to his master's words. [Of course. I contemplate, and I comprehend, Aspirator. I have decided that my first discipline should be in Energy Transference.]

Raavul blinks. [Energy Transference. That discipline focuses on one Psion becoming a conduit for many. It can also result in a Psion capable of converting many types of energy into Psionic Energy, giving them a vast amount of power to pull from. It is certainly an acceptable discipline to begin with, but why would you choose it over Body Manipulation or Spatial Psionics? In particular, the latter would allow you to travel the void quickly and efficiently, which would be ideal for your goal of pursuing scenic vistas.]

[In truth, I have already given the matter much thought since my Osmosis two hundred cycles ago.] Ferral replies. [If I _were_ to walk a Path, Energy Transference would be to me what Brain Enhancement and Cerebral Psionics are to others. It would form a floor that would improve the capabilities of my other disciplines, expediting my growth.]

He pauses.

[...Of course, I did not entirely come up with this notion myself. Proctor Landis spoke to me regarding my aptitudes and suggested I choose Energy Transference. I just... I foolishly thought walking a Path would be a waste of my life.]

[You were indeed a fool.] Raavul replies. [However, your brand of foolishness comes not from too few thoughts, but too many! You excessively reside within your Mind Realm. You need to expand your horizons, and in time, your outlook will shift as well. Perhaps today you will pursue leisure, but in the distant future, you will understand the thoughts of your superiors. You may even come to align with their mindsets...]

[Perhaps I will.] Ferral quietly responds.

[Excellent.] Raavul says, gesturing to a position at the front of the class. [Come and take a seat. You will begin the formation of your Psionic Seed. Now that your convictions have firmed, there is no better time than the present to begin your ascension!]

The entire Enclave becomes visibly excited as Ferral stands up and levitates to the front of the room. He bows to his master, a look of sincere gratitude on his face, then sits down on the floor in a cross-legged position.

[To begin,] Raavul explains, [place your palms together, but leave a gap of two 'cun' between them. Then, focus on the concept of 'energy' in your mind. Imagine the flow of electricity, along with the rushing of water. Imagine the current traveling from your palm to your chest and back again, creating a psionic circuit that begins and ends at the gap between your palms...]

[...next, close your eyes and calm your mind. Then, repeat the mantra of 'I think, therefore I am' inside your head. You must maintain this position for no fewer than three standard time-units before you can stop. The longer you maintain your position, the purer and more condensed you can make your seed. If you end the cycle abruptly, it will have a terrible and adverse effect on your future development, so you mustn't allow your thoughts to wander!]

Ferral nods. He pays careful attention to his master's words, and as he begins to follow her commands, a spark of light appears between the gaps in his palms.

The other disciples of Raavul's Enclave don't appear especially enthralled by this display, given they have all done the same in the past, but in the rear of the room, Hope stares with absolute rapt attention.

_So this is how Psions begin their path to power._ The Wordsmith thinks. _After I observe this fellow for a bit, I should see how they further condense their power at the higher levels. Maybe there's an Enclave for elite disciples nearby? This could be valuable intel that will allow me to counter them if we should come to blows!_

He smiles devilishly.

_I also need to try and figure out how the Changelings 'work.' I can't let a bunch of body-morphers infiltrate human society. Especially if they really are there to steal our technology and manipulate our populace! These Volgrim are way more insidious than I thought. They barely even see humanity as cattle!_

Once Ferral has begun to progress swiftly, the Aspirator places down a privacy field around him so that he won't be disturbed. It creates a forcefield-like bubble of noise suppression capable of keeping his mind focused on the task at hand.

[Now then.] Raavul says. [It will be quite some time before Ferral finishes taking his first step into the ranks of a true Initiator. For the remainder of this cycle, I will focus on the rest of you, as I originally planned...]