Part 447: Making a Choice

Back inside the Tarus II General Hospital, Cassiel and Soleil sit in the waiting area down the corridor from the ICU. Already, they've both returned to their human forms, mostly to shield themselves from the scrutinizing eyes of the public. Once again back in the black and brown-haired ordinary human bodies, they draw no attention from the few people randomly passing by.

Soleil sits upright in her chair, at attention, like always. Seemingly unbothered by anything that could possibly go wrong, the deaths of the children don't affect her psyche in the slightest. However, the same cannot be said for Cassiel who slumps glumly in her chair and stares forward, her eyes practically boring a hole in the wall. Unblinking, she hollowly gazes into the abyss, metaphorically kicking herself for her failure to save all the children.

"You can't blame yourself." Soleil says. "What happened was beyond your control. You exposed your identity to the people of Tarus II and collapsed from lack of mana to save those kids. You did the best you could."

"But it wasn't enough." Cassiel murmurs. "It never is. I always come up short."

"Compared to whom?" Soleil postulates, glancing at Cassiel out of the corner of her eye. "Nobody expected you to help, but you did anyway. That was a kind and selfless gesture, Cass."

"Nobody expects anything from a weak, useless woman." Cassiel says quietly. "That's all I am now. People used to call me the Mightiest Lazarite. The Daughter of Heaven. Now people only look at me with pity. I'm just a... broken... victim... and they're right. Somehow, Gressil killed those girls. He's here with me, even now... torturing me... menacing me... I never feel safe from his influence."

She pauses.

"Sometimes I think it would be better if I simply died."

"You can't talk like that." Soleil immediately says. "Did you truly endure his vile acts for 100,000 years only to crumple up in defeat as soon as you regained your freedom? Now is the time to build yourself back up and become unstoppable, Cass. Or to live a happy life."

Cassiel lifts her head slightly. She looks to the side, toward a window showing the beautiful midday light streaming in, revealing the outlines of buildings a few blocks distant.

"What does a happy life look like, Soleil?"

The construct frowns. "I... do not understand the question."

"I've spent nine-tenths of my existence suffering under... under _his_ claws. He treated me like a toy. He hurt me. He maimed me. He defiled me. I couldn't put up even a paltry resistance. Now that I am free... how can I ever experience 'happiness'? I don't even know if that emotion exists within me anymore. I fear he long ago snuffed it out."

Soleil listens to Cassiel talk. However, in her mind, the concept of emotions do not play out in any sort of human-like way. Instead, she tries to rationalize what she might do if she were in Cassiel's shoes.

"The solution seems simple. Why not delete the last 100,000 years of your memory files?" Soleil posits. "Then you will not have to dwell on those terrible times."

"I can't delete my memories." Cassiel says. "That isn't how brains work, Sol."

"Perhaps the Wordsmith can?" Soleil postulates.

"...Perhaps. But I am not so certain I want to do that. I would love nothing more than to forget... all of it. But a part of me feels that I deserved what happened. The others died protecting me. I am all that remains of the angels and Lazarites. I do not think that I have the right to forget my pain, for it is a reminder of the sacrifices made by those before me."

"I disagree with your underlying assumptions." Soleil says. "But I understand where they come from. If you are unwilling to forget, then... I'll have to work harder on helping you cope, my lady."

Cassiel absentmindedly caresses Uzziel's ring. She focuses on the childlike presence within it, and how Uzziel feels noticeably more muted than before, partly because of Cassiel's own recent sadness.

_Bwa bwa?_

"I'll get over it, Uzziel." Cassiel says with a smile. "That's the one thing I'm good at doing..."

_Bwa bwa!_

While Cassiel and Soleil quietly talk, Belial steps into the waiting room, visibly drained after performing a surgery-less autopsy on the children. She glances around the waiting area, but only sees two random human women sitting.

"Um, excuse me." Belial says, as she walks toward them. "Did you two happen to see a pair of angels walk through here? Big white wings. Halos above their heads..."

Soleil doesn't answer, but instead glances at Cassiel.

Cassiel starts to open her mouth, but as she does, Belial's eyes flick to her neck.

"Hmm? That locket... isn't that a Heaven's Shroud? Oh! So you two are... incognito."

Cassiel blinks twice. "You know about the Heaven's Shroud?"

"Well. Yes." Belial says, her tone awkward. "At the end of the Energy Wars, after the demons had... _won_. Well, a lot of work went into excavating angelkind's remains and their secrets. We ultimately learned how you were able to hide among the humans so well, and the secret of the Shrouds."

Seeing the look of sadness on Cassiel's face, Belial quickly adds, "Of course, this knowledge wasn't relevant to lower-ranked demons, but I'm sure a few Emperors would recognize its appearance on sight. It will hide you from the eyes of those unaware, but just don't assume it's foolproof..."

Cassiel quietly nods. "Thank you for the warning."

After a brief pause, she adds, "How are the children?"

"Nine of them will make a full recovery within the hour." Belial says, plopping down in a chair across from the two shrouded angels. "As for the other three, we've begun contacting their families. I imagine their parents will be here soon. If you want to avoid people, you should leave before they arrive."

"I see. I might do that, then." Cassiel says.

Belial smiles. "It's good to hear you talking, Cassiel. I was really worried you'd never be able to use your voice. I respect how hard you've worked to recover."

Cassiel gazes at Belial evenly. "You were one of the people who helped rescue me."

"I am." Belial nods.

"You are Satan the Devil's wife." Cassiel states. "You are an enemy to humanity and angelkind, both."

"I've not made the best choices." Belial acknowledges, hanging her head slightly. "But I... I try to make amends, to be a better person. Did you know I never killed a single person, not one solitary soul, until recently?"

"You didn't?" Cassiel asks. "What changed?"

"Stormbringer." Belial says, rubbing her palms together. "My human friends were being slaughtered. So many of them, by so many demonic invaders. I felt so angry, so helpless. I gave up on my morals and decided the only way to protect my friends was to commit a terrible sin. So I started killing... I don't even _know_ how many demons. Thousands, perhaps tens of thousands."

Belial spends the next few minutes telling Cassiel about the events of Stormbringer, the attack which she was not around to witness. Cassiel listens silently and without judgment as Belial goes on to even tell her about her battle with Ose and how she lost to her rival.

"Ose was too powerful." Belial says. "She was the architect of humanity's demise. I wanted to tear her apart... but I couldn't. I was helpless. It was only when Archangel Uriel arrived that we managed to beat Ose back, but I for one couldn't help much in the fight against humanity's most terrifying enemy."

"I know what that feels like." Cassiel says sympathetically. "To want to protect everyone, but to lack the strength. It... eats at you."

"It does." Belial nods. "I'm supposed to be the 'Second Emperor,' the second strongest of all demons. But I lost to Ose. I don't feel that strong. If anything, I feel quite weak. Useless. All I can do is sit here and heal people... but I do feel it's at least a valuable service that only helps the world improve. So in that regard, I'm... satisfied."

Belial smiles. She starts to say something else, but at that moment, a redheaded woman 'pops' into existence beside her and slaps her shoulder.

"No need to feel all down, Sister Samantha! And you're not weak at all! If you're bored, I might have the perfect job for ya!"

Belial glances at the newcomer. "Oh, Blinker. Were you listening in on our conversation?"

"Nah, just wandered in and heard that last bit." Blinker says, flashing a thumbs-up. She pays no attention to the two human women seated across from Belial. "I actually came because I had a favor to ask of you."

Belial stands up, rising to Blinker's height, as she has assumed her full-body size, complete with her cute butterfly wings and bright green dress.

"A favor? I'm a bit busy right now, but maybe I can help. You see, we just had some children die for the first time ever in the operating room..."

Belial explains the situation briefly to Blinker, taking care not to mention Cassiel or Soleil's involvement without their permission. After she finishes, Blinker's expression dims.

"Seriously? Three dead kids... and Gressil is at fault. Then in that case you'll definitely want to hear my proposal."

She pauses.

"Sam... I want you to help me hunt down Mephisto. And Yama, too. Our main goal is to kill those two and rescue Kar's soul."

Belial nods. "I thought it might be something like that. But are you sure? Wasn't Hope going to get Mephisto for you?"

"I don't know all the details," Blinker says, "but rumor on the grapevine has it that Hope never went to the Labyrinth at all. He's been doing some secret stuff instead. Neil told me so."

"Well, that's a bit selfish." Belial says with a frown. "But it doesn't change anything. You can't find Mephisto on your own. Even Jason's Wordsmithing can't detect him. He's hidden somewhere truly secretive. And as for me, I don't pay any attention to his movements so I won't know where to look either."

For a brief moment, Blinker pauses more awkwardly than ever before. She scrunches up her face and forces a smile while looking pleadingly at Belial.

"S-see, that's the thing, Sam. It won't just be me going, but the other fairies too."

"Right..." Belial says, suddenly suspicious.

"You know, Saria, Melia... Ruto..."

Belial continues to nod. "Mhmmmm...."

"And, well," Blinker says, finally biting the bullet, "I'll just say it! Beelzebub offered to guide me toward Mephisto's location and help us fight him!"

"BEELZEBUB?!" Belial shrieks. "Blinker, no! No, no, a thousand times, NO! I just _knew_ you were acting suspicious! How could you even think of working with that slimy, worthless, no good, evil, murdering piece of shit?! He killed millions of humans, monsters, and demons! He killed my NIECE, Daisy! I'm talking about Jason and Phoebe's only daughter!! You can't trust that filthy snake in the slightest!"

Blinker lowers her head. "I... I don't know, Belial. He seems to have changed. I think he's trying to mend his old ways-"

"I don't give a DAMN what he wants to mend! Unless he can bring all the people he killed back to life, I will NEVER forgive Beelzebub!" Belial bellows, her voice traveling far enough across the hospital that people begin to lean out of their rooms to search for the commotion. "He deserves no forgiveness! If I had my way, I'd spent the next fifty years crushing his skull into pulp every time it regenerates, time after time after time!"

Blinker's expression becomes utterly glum. She seems to shrink in stature, despite her body's size not actually changing in the least.

"I... I know you hate him, Belial." Blinker whispers. "And I want people brought back too... but this is _my husband_ I'm talking about."

She massages her lightly swollen pregnant belly, now only in its second month of pregnancy.

"I don't want Kar's babies to grow up without a daddy..." Blinker whimpers, her voice shaking as she avoids Belial's gaze. "I just thought as someone who also lost a husband... maybe you'd understand."

Visibly taken aback, much of Belial's rage vanishes as she recognizes the deep pain in Blinker's voice.

"Sorry. I flew off the handle a little. You didn't deserve that, Blinker."

The two women wordlessly embrace one another, forgiving each other for their accidental transgressions, then they sit down to talk things out.

"My point still stands." Belial eventually says. "I won't work with Beelzebub. I can't do it. But maybe someone else could help you fight Mephisto..."

"What about the Archangels?" Cassiel asks, drawing Blinker's attention for the first time. "I _hear_ that Archangel Uriel is always looking for a reason to fight the demons. And nobody would complain if she were to get rid of some of demonkind's less-savory elements..."

Belial nods appreciatively. "There, see? Have you asked the Archangels yet, Blinker?"

"I haven't." Blinker says, before turning to Cassiel. "Thanks for that recommendation! And you are...?"

"Oh, I'm, ah, nobody important..." Cassiel says quickly. "I'm Cammy. This is my friend Serra."

"So it's Cammy and Serra." Blinker says politely, clearly not thinking them to be anyone of particular noteworthiness. "Well, you've given me a big hint for where to look next. So, thanks for that!"

Cassiel waves her hand politely. "No need for thanks, Miss Blanker."

"Blinker." Soleil coughs into her fist.

"Right! Blinker, sorry..." Cassiel quickly corrects her error. "I'm still trying to learn all the important names."

Blinker finds the interaction slightly amusing, but otherwise pays little attention to these two Plain Janes. She returns her gaze to Belial. "I do wish you'd join the attack squad, Sam, but I understand your hesitation. It'll probably be alright if it's just me, the other fairies, and Beelzebub, but if we can get the Archangels on our side, there's no way that bone-bastard will stand a chance!"

Belial knits her forehead in concern. "Don't underestimate Mephisto, Blinker. The last time our galaxy had an Emperor-level Necromancer, Valac terrorized the whole of Earth. You'll not only be fighting a fully realized necromancer, but also his Emperor-level servant, Zamiel, and Yama, to boot. Not only these elites, but potentially millions, even billions of undead servants. Any buried bodies become 'useful materials' for him, which is why Jason instituted a policy of either burying bodies along with powerful divine energies placed inside of them... or cremation."

Belial lightly raps her fingers on the arm of the lobby chair.

"We already know that at one point Mephisto possessed the corpse of the last dragon, Leviathan. It's entirely possible he may have other bodies at his disposal, or he may be seeking to 'create' more. But there is one further complication I fear you haven't imagined..."

"And what would that be?" Blinker asks.

"Kar's soul." Belial says quietly. "Mephisto no longer has access to the souls of humans. But he can still harvest the souls of dead demons and monsters. Demon souls are useless for uplifting other demons, but monster souls are at least a portion as potent as human souls. Which implies..."

The blood drains from Blinker's face. "Oh no! You don't think... he already ate Kar's soul?!"

"Don't jump to conclusions." Belial says, her tone casual. "If you were to give Kar's soul, which is about as strong as an Demon Emperor, to some unnamed Demon Grunt, you'd end up with a Demon Duke. It wouldn't be enough to make them an Emperor, at least not by my calculations. A Heroic Soul, like Jason or Hope's, would uplift any demon to the rank of Emperor. But that's just because humans are so damn compatible with demon physiology."

Blinker nods. She remains silent while Belial continues to explain this distressing but essential information.

"In any case, if I were a sick sadistic prick like Mephisto and I wanted to maximize the utility of Kar's soul, I wouldn't spend it all on one demon. Especially not at this point." Belial says. "Mephisto has a lot of enemies, but his list of allies grows thinner by the day. What I would do if I were him was collect some disloyal Dukes or power-hungry people and offer them each a _portion_ of Kar's soul. But they can't just break pieces off whenever they want, they'd need to form a ritual to split its purity across all of the Dukes at once. By all accounts, Kar's soul possesses enough power to uplift, I don't know, five Dukes to the rank of Emperor? Maybe more, maybe less."

"But he's had weeks alone with Kar's soul." Blinker says glumly. "And he has a bunch of Dukes already following him. That means... Kar's soul is probably already..."

"Humph!" Belial snorts derisively. "Are you talking about his stupid necromancer lackeys? They're useless for promotion. Mephisto doesn't need six Emperors of Necromancy. They would only become his competitors. He needs to shore up his weaknesses with minion abilities that complement his own. That means he'll have to go out looking for other Dukes willing to convert to his side."

Belial pauses. A thought strikes her, and her expression turns ugly.

"Willing to convert? That doesn't even have to be the case, now that I think about it. Mephisto could simply kill a Duke and nab their power for himself. Once they become his necromantic slave, he'll have a formidable army at his disposal. But has he thought that far ahead? Hmm..."

Soleil speaks up. "I believe your words have a 72.3% chance of being accurate, Emperor Belial. There are a large variety of Dukes across the Seven Hells. Trying to figure out which ones Mephisto might target will not be simple."

"At the least, before you go on your hunt," Belial says to Blinker, "I should alert the Hidden Emperors to Mephisto's scheme. Though I doubt they wouldn't have thought of this possibility themselves. It _is_ pretty much Valac's playbook. It's also extremely hard to defend against. Mephisto can strike anyone, anywhere. We've already seen how he can evade the Wordsmiths by turning his soul immaterial..."

The two women hash their thoughts out a bit longer.

Eventually, they stand up and give each other another hug.

"Thank you for listening and giving me advice." Blinker says, as she pulls away from Belial. "I knew you wouldn't want to go, but I had to try asking."

"No hard feelings." Belial says, before her face turns grim. "But watch out for Beelzebub's machinations. I worry he'll try to take you out when you're at your weakest."

"I'll be fine." Blinker says, waving away Belial's concerns. "Oh, and thanks for the suggestion, you other two! I'll go visit the Archangels after this."

The Monster Queen departs after thanking Cassiel and Soleil for their words of encouragement, and the atmosphere becomes more harmonious.

At least, until some time later, when the hospital doors open and the families of the dead children arrive.

"Where's my baby?! Take me to see her! WHERE IS SHE?!"

"I'll rip apart whoever poisoned my little girl!"

"Where are our kids? Take us to see them!"

These rightfully outraged mothers and fathers lash out at Grima, who quietly and calmly accepts their words without judgment.

Belial, seated not far from the reception desk, winces.

"Alright. That's my cue. Cassiel, you can leave. I'll keep your name out of the report."

She starts to stand up, but so does Cassiel.

The Lazarite meets Belial's gaze.

"No. I will face them with you. We'll do it together."

Soleil frowns.

"Cassiel..."