Part 600: Shocking Testimony

**[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_5eEiWWLjw)**

Unarin stands inside his Sanctum, alongside Dosena. The glint of many ancient pieces of art on the walls do not draw Unarin's attention as they usually would. Instead, his thoughts dwell on the rather sudden and unexpected battle between the two Wordsmiths, a battle he did not see coming but which also isn't _entirely_ out of his expectations. Naturally, he noticed some tensions building between them in the past, but he could never fully account for the thoughts they were secretly holding within their time-accelerated domains.

The two highest Founders wait for a while until the individuals they've been expecting finally arrive.

The doors to Unarin's Sanctum slowly open, and two Psions enter. Executor Riley, and Executor Sartran.

They did not teleport inside, because that would be extremely disrespectful to the First Founder's authority. In the Volgrim Empire, none may enter his Sanctum without permission. Not even the highest of High Psions. Only three individuals have obtained such a special privilege, those being Founder Dosena, Muuxunuu, and Unarin's brother, Randis.

Not even the other three Founders possess the right to desecrate Unarin's Sanctum without permission. This therefore stands as a testament to the rest of the Empire on just how intimate Unarin's relation is to the other three. He even considers Dosena to be as close to him as his own family.

The Executors enter, agitation visible on their faces. Clearly, after the battle on Maiura, they did not anticipate that the two Wordsmiths would suddenly pounce at each other's throats.

Unarin faintly frowns. "Where is Creator Demila?"

Sartran bows his head. [Apologies, First Founder. After the battle, I dispatched her to check the situation on Tarus II. She will return shortly. Her infiltration skills are excellent.]

"I see." Unarin says, his tone plain. "I am interested in her perspective. She has been watching the humans for longer than the rest of you combined. She may be able to shed light on this new development."

[Are we going to intervene?] Riley asks.

Unarin remains silent for a time. He stares at her, his face giving away no clues as to his inner thoughts.

"...That will depend on any useful details you can give me, as well as Demila. Start by recounting the events on Maiura. Leave out nothing."

Sartran lifts his head. [With permission, I will transmit a psio-burst.]

Unarin nods. "To Dosena. Both of you."

The High Psions nod. They open up their minds and instantly transmit every single piece of information they collected during the battle on Maiura. Using her super-accelerated mind, Dosena finds it utterly trivial to sort through a mere few hours worth of memories, collecting and assessing each point one-by-one.

After checking to ensure none of the information is compromised, and also that none of the High Psions have been compromised, Dosena transmits a nearly identical data-burst to Unarin. It would not be acceptable for anyone but her to do this, for Unarin does not trust any other Psion with slipping information directly into his mind.

Not that they could, even if they wanted to. As a practitioner of the Mind of Void, Unarin's ability to resist Psionic mental links is powerful to the extreme. Over the eons, only Dosena has mentally communicated with him enough to bypass some of his filters.

A minute later, after Unarin silently receives Dosena's transmission, he finishes digesting all of the new information. His expression becomes inscrutable.

"As I suspected. There does indeed seem to be a sinister intelligence lurking within the heart of the swarm. It is not as mindless as it purports to be."

Unarin falls silent again for a few moments.

"The matter of Kolvaxians hiding their Psionic abilities is alarming. We must now assume that they are capable of deep planning and plotting. It is very likely the Executor Plaguehosts are feigning weakness. They are capable of fighting at the 8th Level of Psionics. They merely choose not to do so in order to make us complacent. From now on, we must assume that they will reveal this capability in a future battle."

[I have my own thoughts on the matter.] Dosena interjects, her voice plain. [I believe it is possible, perhaps even likely, that the Plague can replicate the same host over multiple instances. The swarm has never shown this to be possible, but if we assume it is, then we could see ten copies of Executor Huron appear within Milky Way space all at once. Perhaps even a hundred copies, a thousand, or millions.]

"That is a terrifying thought." Unarin mutters. "If true, then this war is already lost. The Plague will be unstoppable. There is no point in entertaining such thoughts. We already know that killing a unique Plaguehost, such as Sartran's doppelganger, will cause it to regenerate elsewhere. I prefer we assume that only one of these individuals may appear at any given time. Anything else is a gross violation of the laws of Cosmic Conservation. I refuse to believe Akasha would allow any Ruler to create such an unstoppable army."

Dosena doesn't retort. Even she believes this to be a step too far, and would simply mean that the war is lost. The Second Founder might be powerful, but not even she could defeat a thousand of Huron's clones attacking her all at once. Her best option at that point would be to flee for her life.

At that point, why even bother fighting anymore? The Volgrim might as well start hiding in pocket dimensions or fleeing into the Unknown.

Unarin begins pacing back and forth, allowing his thoughts to wander.

"The matter with Neil Adams is... troublesome. I spoke to him on this very day, and was even beginning to make plans to deepen our collaboration. He was wiser than I expected, though burdened by his hatred of demons. I still believed we could work together to achieve greater things."

"For him to abruptly stumble and fall over his feet like a clown... it seems there was some external intervention involved. Creator Demila was the closest during that event. Let us wait to hear her testimony before I make any final decisions."

Unarin's eyes betray no emotion, but internally, he already has a suspect in mind.

_It was Demila, not Jason, who caused Neil's death. Hope Hiro jumped to a different conclusion because of his hatred of Jason, but the matter is all too clear to me, as it must be to Jason. But why would Demila kill Neil Adams? Especially without my permission? I shall give her a chance to explain herself before I render judgment._

A flicker of killing intent flashes through Unarin's heart. This unruly subordinate failed to capture Gressil and has reported only the most useless information until now. She caused a major diplomatic incident, and it could cause a huge rift between humanity and the Volgrim.

To do all of that without Unarin's permission, she had better have a good reason!

The First Founder does _not_ tolerate insubordination.

Unarin and the Psions engage in further small talk, dissecting the events of that day, as well as discussing several key losses. The deaths of the Archangels genuinely surprise Unarin the most. How could Raphael allow his foolish sister to blunder into the Kolvaxian's claws? Unarin begins to wonder what sorts of powers the swarm will obtain once it digests Archangel Uriel completely.

Twenty minutes later, Creator Demila arrives back on Volgarius, traveling to it via a Warpgate. She hurries to the Founder's Thumb as quickly as possible, causing Dosena to frown as she senses the rapid approach of her junior.

[Something isn't right.] Dosena remarks privately to Unarin. [Her emotions are unstable. She is uncharacteristically anxious.]

Unarin narrows his eyes.

"Is that so..."

Not even a minute later, Creator Demila teleports just outside the Sanctum. She waits, her body trembling, until Unarin motions with his hand. Then, she power-walks inside.

After entering, and before Unarin can say anything else, Creator Demila quickly drops to one knee and bows her head deeply while slapping a hand over her heart.

[Founders, forgive me! I acted without permission!]

Unarin blinks. This wasn't what he expected.

"Elaborate." Unarin says, drawing the word out.

Creator Demila keeps her head lowered, unwilling, or perhaps afraid to look into Unarin's eyes.

[It was I who caused Neil Adams' death to the Plague.] Demila freely admits. [I did this without permission and caused an unavoidable incident to occur. However! I had a good reason for doing what I did.]

"I should certainly hope you did." Unarin says, his heart flickering once more with killing intent.

_This imbecile!_

Perhaps Demila might be unaware, but Unarin is quite certain Jason had already established surveillance inside the Founder's Thumb. For her to blunder inside and admit to killing Neil Adams, this will surely escalate the conflict. Even Unarin himself only spoke of the matter in vague and cryptic hints, so as to not give the Wordsmith an angle upon which he could attack them after the battle.

Demila hurriedly explains. [First Founder. I have been keeping a close eye on the populations of Tarus II and Maiura for several cycles. I was investigating many cryptic happenings among the human populace, but it was the battle on Maiura against the Plague that caused me great alarm. I knew I had to act quickly, or else the entire Volgrim Empire would suffer a horrible tragedy!]

Unarin blinks. Once again, she surprises him with her words. What could she be angling for?

"A tragedy?" Unarin repeats. "Speak quickly. My patience wanes."

Demila raises her head, looking earnestly at Unarin.

[The humans have deceived us. They are not as weak and pitiful as they seem. They are developing an army capable of crushing the Plague and the Volgrim alike!]

This time, it's Dosena who answers. [What? Outrageous. We would know if such a matter were true.]

[With all due respect, Second Founder, I am not deceiving you.] Demila says. [I recently noticed that some of the humans were displaying extraordinary metaphysical powers. I initially attributed these powers to the effects of the 'Power Gloves' made by Jason Hiro. But I did not fully realize the scale at which they were operating. Humans have begun wielding powers en-masse. Their deaths at Maiura were a feint!]

"A feint?" Unarin repeats again, reeling slightly from disbelief. "Do you mean to tell me that Jason Hiro willingly allowed thousands of humans to die in order to deceive me? He is not the sort of person to do such a thing."

[Perhaps he was not such a person before,] Demila counters, [but he is _now_. He has spent hundreds of years inside a time-accelerated dimension known as 'Chrona'. The Jason you met in the past was far younger and more naive than the one battling Hope Hiro today. The Jason that has secretly aged inside Chrona has been making plans to destroy the Volgrim Empire. He has mastered his Wordsmithing and uncovered horrifying uses that will cause our complete and total extermination!]

"Creator Demila." Unarin says, his tone filled with warning. "The humans are our allies. I would advise you to pick and choose your words carefully. If you do not have evidence to back up your claims, I will have the Executors exterminate you on the spot. Admitting to killing Neil Adams is heinous enough, but if you cannot satisfy my demands, there will be no saving you."

Demila hurriedly lowers her head. [Of course, First Founder. I would not dare utter such accusations without the proper evidence.]

Demila lifts up her palm, revealing a data shard held within her grasp. She allows it to levitate for a moment before teleporting it to Founder Dosena.

This shard happens to be a highly encrypted data shard often used by the Changelings. Normally, Psions would not be able to readily access it, but Dosena is different. She casually hacks its security parameters within seconds, then taps inside to look at the data and images within.

Her expression gradually darkens.

Inside the shard, videos and Changeling testimonies of humans possessing incredible metaphysical powers en-masse are revealed one by one, each item showing detailed reports on how the humans are rapidly learning to master their powers.

But Dosena is not immediately impressed.

[These abilities are slightly worrying, but not one human is shown wielding powers at the Cosmic level. They are no threat to us. The abilities afforded by these 'Power Gloves' are not even a threat to our 5th Level Psions, let alone the High Psions.]

[As I said, I only recently uncovered all the evidence.] Demila explains. [There is more. I believe... the humans have fixed their 'Flaw'.]

"What?!" Unarin asks, this time visibly shocked. "You're certain? The Flaw that prevents them from freely harnessing the power of Magic?"

[That very one.] Demila says, her tone grim. [I have also collected evidence that Jason Hiro has constructed a massive cube-like artifact with temporal enchantments placed on it. He is using this artifact to train human troops. I don't have conclusive proof, but it's likely he has raised at least one Bottom Cosmic human inside the Cube's confines.]

Demila continues speaking, turning the Truths of the matter into 10% lies, exaggerating tiny details and magnifying possible negative outcomes. As Unarin listens, his heart begins to sink.

"You... state that Jason drew the Plague to Maiura to eliminate Neil's threat, and to give himself a justification to battle Hope Hiro. You believe he is planning to kill Hope as well. These are nothing more than points of baseless conjecture. We don't know his thoughts."

[We have to strike.] Demila pleads. [Once Jason kills his clone, he will have obtained solid control of humanity's forces. He is already building a coalition with the demons and monsters. Even if you don't think Jason or the humans pose us a threat, what of the Middle Cosmic Demon Deities? If they unite behind the Wordsmith, they will be able to overwhelm us!]

[More assumptions.] Dosena retorts. [You have not demonstrated that Jason is able to truly threaten the Plague. It does not matter how much of a threat the humans pose to the Volgrim. We are all going to die to these newly empowered Plagueborn. Lest you've forgotten, they are now capable of crushing our Executors. It won't be long before the Plague can even threaten _me_.]

Demila falls silent for a moment. Her expression turns as dark as the night.

[With all due respect, Second Founder. I believe you've forgotten something important.]

Dosena blinks. She glances at Unarin, who also appears slightly confused.

What 'important' thing could they be forgetting?

Demila lowers her eyes and shakes her head.

[Jason Hiro already controls the Plague.] Demila quietly declares.

[What?!] Executor Sartran exclaims. [Impossible! There's no way you believe such a thing!]

[A laughable claim.] Executor Riley mutters, rolling her eyes derisively. [Even for you, this is pure delusion.]

[I am not deluded.] Demila replies calmly. [Jason Hiro seized control of the Plague during the battle on Reaver. It was a masterful stroke. He deceived us all. Do you really think the Plague's actions following that battle made sense, given what we knew of them? Do you truly believe the Plague has been hiding its intellect from us all this time?]

Unarin remains silent. He listens carefully, taking great care to separate his increasing alarm from his rational mind. If Demila is telling the truth, it would mean the Volgrim Empire is about to lose the war.

If she is telling the truth, then there is no longer any hope of defeating the Plague. The humans have already seized victory.

[Jason Hiro 'fed' his so-called 'Black Hole Construct' to the swarm.] Demila explains. [He empowered the swarm, but also subverted it to follow his will. That is why the swarm's behavior has changed so drastically. When I realized this, I had to take immediate action to kill Neil Adams. Jason planned to take out Neil later; to slowly amass power in secret while making us fear the New Plague. But the truth is that the Plague is already under his control. Now he has to hurriedly battle his clone, throwing his long-term plans into momentary disarray.]

Demila lifts her hand and balls it into a fist.

[Founder Unarin! We must strike! Quickly, while we still can! Jason and Hope are battling now, in Realspace. They are together, in the same place! If we hurry, we can eliminate their Threat! I do not know what will become of the Plague, but anything is better than having an intelligent mind controlling it to wipe us out!]

...

A minute passes.

Unarin remains totally silent. He stares at the floor, thinking countless thoughts. Sometimes, he touches his nose, other times, he scratches his thigh. These minor movements draw no attention from the Psion observers, but Dosena's psionic senses take notice.

"This... accusation." Unarin says, sighing heavily. "The whole time, it has been... pure conjecture. I follow the lines of reasoning, Creator Demila. I do. But it can just as easily be attributed to accidents and unintentional mistakes. If Jason is really as frighteningly intelligent as you claimed, I would have divined so by now."

Demila's heart sinks.

"I'm afraid that, despite your warnings, I cannot act on mere words alone." Unarin finally says, straightening his posture. He folds his hands behind his back and assumes his typical domineering stance. "Regarding the matter of human empowerment, this is certainly minor cause for alarm, but the rest is baseless and would put our relations with the humans in danger. In this time of uncertainty, I welcome a human army powerful enough to assist us in our battle against the Plague."

[Wh-what?] Demila asks, bewildered. [Founder Unarin! I must protest! I know the evidence is not perfectly solid, but surely you can see reason! Jason Hiro has seized control of the Plague, and he-]

"Not another word." Unarin says, his tone turning cold. "I told you before. If you failed to meet the level of evidence I require, I would punish you severely. You have caused a rift between myself and the Wordsmiths. If Hope Hiro wins the battle, it is likely he will find out about your actions and launch an attack on us for killing his mentor and closest friend. If Jason Hiro wins, he might be grateful, but he also might be angered by our interference in his plans, as well as your attempts to slander his good name."

Like a disappointed father, Unarin closes his eyes and shakes his head.

"I cannot in good conscience allow you to go unpunished. After the battle between Wordsmiths has concluded, I will take diplomatic action to investigate the matter of humanity's Flaw being fixed, and I will sincerely apologize to the victor for your vile acts."

[Founder Unarin!] Demila exclaims, her voice panicked.

"Dosena. Take her and the Executors away." Unarin says, waving his hand in a slightly odd manner. "I will begin thinking about how to sincerely apologize to the Wordsmiths for our violation of their trust."

Dosena nods. [As you command, First Founder.]

Demila tries to protest, but Dosena's powerful psionics grab onto her and yank her into a hidden pocket dimension. The other two Executors fall silent, allowing themselves to be taken as well.

After they have all departed, Unarin heaves a huge sigh.

"...To think it came to this."