Part 275: Lightning and Fire

In the skies above Tarus II, a thunderstorm swirls, its electrical energy fomenting with the rage of a long-dead Titan King. Lightning bolts fire toward the planet's surface at random, striking trees to start fires, or lancing toward members of the human and demon armies. These hyper-energized thunderblasts impact with a hundred times the force of any ordinary bolt, killing many warriors with weak constitutions instantly while the stronger ones end up paralyzed, shivering in pain.

As the thunderstorm increases in scope, Ose, the Emperor of Infiltration, cackles maniacally.

"Hah hah hah... Belial and Artorias, two traitors to demonkind! Today, I will wipe you both from existence!"

Ose's skin shimmers white and blue. Electricity crackles in the air around her, giving her the appearance of an elemental who escaped from the land of thunder. Before Belial and Artorias can react, Ose stabs her fingers forward, firing out twin beams of lightning!

_CRACKLE CRACKLE!_

Belial screams as Ose's attack strikes her chest, flinging her off her feet, where she crashes onto her wings and drags across the ground.

Artorias raises his palm, causing the lightning to flood into his limb and electrify his demonstone armor. "Aaaargh!"

The Duke of Steel holds his ground against Ose, even with his lesser status making him the weaker combatant. However, the pain proves agonizing beyond belief, to the point he nearly faints. When Ose stops attacking for a split second, Artorias lolls forward, unable to stop his descent. In that instant, Ose appears before him with a fist reared back.

**BOOM!**

Ose uppercuts Artorias's face, violently reversing his momentum and sending him cartwheeling backward. The Duke crashes into a group of nearby demons, killing several of them by crushing their bones.

The Third Emperor's evil grin fades, ever so slightly.

"I'd be having a lot more fun if I unleashed this transformation by choice and not out of necessity. Damn you, Belial! I hate you. I hate you for always getting in my way!"

Belial staggers to her feet. Numbness pervades her internal organs and several limbs, making it hard for her to catch her breath. Even in her True Succubus Form, with her defense massively bolstered, she can't shrug off Ose's attacks easily.

"As always- cough! You're just a little girl throwing a temper tantrum."

Ose gnashes her teeth. She transforms into a bolt of lightning and flies at Belial's chest, feet-first. Before she can land a kick, Belial's eyes flash with insight. She flaps her left wing, spinning herself counter-clockwise. In the instant before Ose hits her, Belial releases a focused mana-pulse.

The mana-pulse flies into Ose's foot, momentarily disrupting her thunderbolt-form. She shifts back into a demonic body, only to see Belial's fist flying at her stomach.

_Thunk!_

Belial punches downward into Ose's gut, smashing her opponent into the soil. Ose crashes hard, spraying rocks and dirt in all directions. Belial's title of the 'Strongest Demon,' not merely one for show, gives her a physical strength two tiers beyond any other Emperor.

Ose, momentarily stunned, lays in the crater, desperately trying to gasp for breath. Belial grabs her enemy by the throat and squeezes, pressing her against the planet's soil.

"I don't like dragging things out," Belial hisses. "Even for you, who has killed many of my friends, I won't make you suffer. I'll give you a quick and painless death."

Belial contracts her grip, intending to crush Ose's windpipe. However, as she does, Ose's entire body shatters, dispersing into particles of light that coat the soil. Shocked, Belial jumps backward, looking around herself in alarm. Ose reforms herself not far away, still clutching her stomach.

"Kahaha! It... it won't be THAT easy to kill this ruler, Belial!"

Ose raises her left hand. Ten bolts of lightning drop down from the skies above, surge into her body, and fill her with electric power. A second later, Ose stands up straight, her pain gone and her aura revitalized.

"I am thunder! I am lightning! I am the storm, Belial! I am nature's wrath, and the embodiment of the universe! If you believe you can kill me with that stolen form, think again!"

"Nature's wrath?" Belial echoes. "There's nothing _natural_ about you. You're a genocidal tyrant, one I'll soon bury forever."

Both women launch into a full-scale battle. Ose continuously attacks Belial from all sides, forcing the Emperor of Passion to play defense. Belial guards herself, moving on high alert while ducking, dodging, and deflecting anything Ose throws at her, including electric bolts, kicks, punches, and grapples. Sometimes Belial lands a lucky hit, only for Ose to heal herself with lightning from above.

While the two women fight, Artorias pulls himself together. Taking a hit from an Emperor isn't something any ordinary Duke can take without suffering aftereffects, and he is no exception. He climbs out of the pile of dead and badly injured demon grunts, paying them no mind.

"Tch... what the devil is going on? Ose never told me she possessed a Superform. I suppose her mother must have given it to her, but still! She could have healed her arms earlier with this transformation, yet she didn't. Why not?"

The Duke of Steel hesitates. Dozens of conjectures flick through his mind while he watches Ose and Belial's battle intensify.

_Perhaps the healing factor won't persist after she exits the transformation. Maybe Ose's new body isn't a Superform, but an Ultraform. It certainly isn't an Omegaform; only Emperor Diablo can hold claim to that title._

_Superforms empower a demon with no downsides, while Ultraforms often grant far more strength, albeit at a high cost. Bael's Balrog Form, for example, turns him into a colossal idiot. I've yet to see any gaps in Ose's transformation, but it's possible we've simply yet to observe them._

_For now, I should focus on assisting Belial. Since my opponent is Ose, then my best bet is to..._

Artorias claps his hands together, then drops to his knees. He presses his palms against the dirt, causing the planet's soil to flow onto his body. He coats himself with dirt to ground himself against electrical energy, then sighs.

_Earth manipulators have long held an advantage against lightning manipulators, but this trick won't help me much. Ose already fought Uriel in this body, so she's well-versed in dealing with topsoil-armor. At best, I can only hope to soften her blows._

Gritting his teeth, Artorias digs his right foot into the dirt, then launches forward!

Ose, preoccupied with attacking Belial, senses Artorias's charge seconds before he arrives. "Satan's lapdog, returned for another beating! Come here, boy!"

Artorias swings his fist at Ose's back, but she transforms into light particles, disperses, and reforms thirty feet away. "You forgot something important, Ose! I am far older than you! I fought in the Ancient Era, not you! I led the assault on Heaven's Gate, not you! You are the child here; a brat who needs reminding of her place in the social order."

The Duke of Steel falls into position beside Belial. The two of them face Ose down, readying themselves for her counter-attack. 

Ose laughs and shakes her head. "What a sad excuse for a demon you are, Artorias! Trapped inside the body of your little brother, forced to kill your fellow demons whenever your Archangel 'slave' takes control. I might be younger than you, but I've also accomplished far more. I was the architect of humanity's demise. Not only during the Energy Wars, but today, as well! It is I who possesses the means to advance our species, not _you_ two gullible buffoons. Do me a favor. Stop resisting, so I can finish my subjugation of humanity already."

"I am no ally to humanity," Artorias retorts. "I have suffered beneath their boots the same as I did beneath the angels'. What I see in you is the same lust for power that Raphael once had; a desire to rule over all life by instating yourself as a supreme leader. Were you an admirable demon like Satan, I'd have followed you to the ends of the universe. Sadly, you are not half the demon he was."

Artorias's words dig deep. Ose scowls at him, while lightning crackles in her palms.

"Treasonous words from a treacherous worm."

Suddenly, Ose flicks both of her hands backward. Her body transforms into a beam of light, and she shoots toward humanity's frontlines not far to the east.

"What? Where did she go?" Belial asks.

Seconds later, screams erupt among the human troops. Ose injects electrical power into two of the five still-functioning Planetwalkers. She seizes control of the giant mecha, turning them on the humans to unload a hailstorm of bullets. Not even the advanced T-REX exosuits manage to protect humanity's soldiers from their own weapons. Countless screams abruptly fall silent as bullets rip through their flesh and armor, killing them on the spot.

"Traitors! We have traitors in our midst!" One human commander shouts. He starts to bark orders, only for Ose to materialize in the midst of his platoon. She spreads open her palms and releases waves of lightning bolts at random in all directions, blasting the nanite-based armors into nothingness while charring the fleshy life-forms inside to ash.

"Hahahahaha!!!" Ose cackles. "Today, you pitiful insects will learn to fear your betters!"

Ose waves her hands from side to side. With each motion, she snuffs out the lives of a hundred humans and monsters alike. Their bodies burn, explode, and detonate like grenades under the sheer power of her ultimate transformation.

"We have to stop her!" Belial cries. She lunges forward, while Artorias follows in hot pursuit. "Ose, that evil...!!"

Artorias pays no mind to the dying soldiers. Instead, he fixates his gaze on Ose herself.

"Look, Belial! Ose's mana seems to be increasing! She's not simply firing electricity outward; she's sucking it back in. She siphons electricity from any power source near her, then releases an opposite charge outward to slaughter the humans!"

Belial flaps her wings. She pounces skyward, then dive-bombs toward Ose's position at breakneck speeds. She tackles Ose at two hundred miles an hour, slamming her fellow Emperor into the planet's surface. On impact, Ose explodes into energized particles, then reforms her body with her heel planted against Belial's back.

"Too slow, Satan's Whore! Try again!"

Ose fires electricity through her feet into Belial's spine, but Belial uses the attack's propulsive force to dive underground and swim like a land-shark. She escapes Ose's electricity, suffering only minor injuries.

Belial swims half a mile underground, then pauses for a moment to unjumble her thoughts.

_I've been going about this all wrong. My True Succubus Form isn't much use against Ose. She's much faster and smarter than me. I need to try a new tactic!_

Seconds later, Artorias arrives on the scene. He jumps toward Ose while swinging his palm in an upward arc. Using his earth manipulation, Artorias summons a golem-like hand from beneath Ose's feet, wraps its fingers around her body, and squeezes with all his might.

With Ose momentarily pinned, Artorias charges at her. Ose struggles to break free of the earthen prison fastening her to the land. She turns her head just in time to see a dirt-coated fist flying at her face.

_Bang!_

Artorias punches Ose with all his strength, breaking her out of his makeshift prison and sending her flying. She crashes into the leg of a Planetwalker, crumpling it like papier mâché and causing the giant machine to topple over. It collapses atop Ose, crushing and burying her alive.

Seconds later, the Planetwalker flies upward as Ose throws it off herself. She jumps toward Artorias and spin-kicks his chest, knocking him away like an errant bowling pin. Her electricity-imbued attack leaves the Duke stunned as he slams into the side of a nearby hillock and falls motionless.

After casting aside the Duke of Steel, Ose pauses. She glances around at the humans turning their weapons on her and smiles.

"Bullets? _Try me._"

Hardly have the words left Ose's mouth before the ground explodes beneath her. Belial, no longer in her Pure Succubus Form, jumps onto Ose's body and stretches her limbs, wrapping around the Emperor of Infiltration like a giant squid. She entangles and constricts her opponent's movements, much as she did to Hercules during the Ancient Era. Belial shifts her right fist into a bone maul, then begins punching Ose's figure anywhere she can find exposed skin.

_Wham! Wham! Wham!_

Ose cries out in pain as powerful blows strike her repeatedly. She struggles to break free of Belial's entanglement, but Belial bends Ose's arms around behind her back to prevent her from casting magic spells.

"Aaargh! Get off me! Get off!" Ose shrieks, just before Belial knocks the wind out of her.

"Make me!" Belial exclaims. She shifts her bone-maul-fist into a bladed knife, then stabs it toward Ose's heart.

Unable to fight back, Ose's eyes lock onto the incoming threat. Instantly, her lightning-accelerated brain flips through a hundred possibilities, making her eyes dart toward one of the remaining Planetwalkers still shooting at the demon army.

Ose's eyes flash with light. She transmits herself and Belial straight forward into the giant mecha's line of fire. As a result, a storm of heavy munitions falls upon Belial's back, catching her off-guard. Belial shrieks in pain as bullets lance into her flesh. She reflexively detaches herself from Ose and jumps away, but lands on the dirt just outside the firestorm with blood spewing from a dozen giant blood-craters in her back. Ose, meanwhile, remains uninjured, thanks to Belial's Emperor-body absorbing all of the damage.

Momentarily stunned, Belial struggles to remain conscious. Her eyelids flutter as she groggily shapes her hands into magical signs, then presses them against her chest.

Before Belial can activate her healing magic, Ose transmits to her side with her foot reared back.

_Thunk!_

Ose kicks Belial viciously, sending her careening to the side. Belial slams into a boulder, crushing it into fragments. She loses consciousness for a few seconds, then wakes up, only to see Ose towering over her. The Emperor of Infiltration exhales triumphantly, then snaps a pair of electric whips around Belial's wrists and yanks Belial's arms apart.

"Sorry, Belial! No healing for you! Ooh, look at all that blood! You seem a little pale around the eyes. How does it feel knowing you never stood a chance against me? How does it feel, knowing my mother killed your husband? I'll bet this is the most dreadful moment of your life!"

Belial blinks her eyes, but she fails to readjust her vision. Ose's figure shifts in and out of focus, sometimes morphing into a pair of bodies, sometimes as many as four. 

"Twice, I've beaten you," Ose continues. "Twice, you've failed. Don't you see? This is all because you were just too weak; a miserable excuse for a demoness. Who's going to save you? The Wordsmith? I crippled his meridians! Artorias? He's only a Duke! Maybe your precious little humans? Oh, yes, I'd love to see the little rats try. If an Emperor can't defeat me, nobody can!"

Blood spews from Belial's mouth. "Kuhuk... you..."

She tries to flex her arms, but as more and more blood drains from her body, Belial finds it nearly impossible to keep her thoughts straight.

"I _what_?" Ose taunts. "Go on! Spit it out! You can do it!"

Belial closes her eyes.

"You... talk... too much..."

A moment later, her head lolls backward, and she falls unconscious.

Ose stares at Belial, then laughs.

"Haha. I talk too much? Is that all you have to say? What a fool! She must have bumped her head too hard."

Shrugging, Ose tugs on the electric whips, pulling Belial's arms outward without any resistance. "Well, Belial, this is where you die. Goodbye."

As Ose tugs on the whips to rip Belial's body in half, a sense of unease materializes in her stomach. A gut reaction, one born of fear, causes Ose to jerk her head up and look around, uncertain what is causing her distress.

"What? This strange power. What is it?"

The Emperor of Infiltration narrows and widens her eyes repeatedly, only to immediately release her whips and go on the defensive.

"Holy Energy! I sense it! But why?! Could the Wordsmith have recovered?"

From the planet's depths, a rushing figure burrows upward, making Ose look toward her feet.

"From below!" Ose exclaims. She transforms into a bolt of lightning and teleports five hundred feet away, narrowly avoiding an explosion of dirt and rock as an armored figure emerges.

Artorias bursts out of the ground and grabs at Ose's afterimage, only to sneer as he realizes he's missed.

"Oh? Thou art quite the agile little rabbit, Ose," Artorias says, glancing casually in her direction. He waves his hands, then conjures two massive fireballs within his palms, making Ose look at him differently.

"Holy energy? Fire magic? You... you aren't Artorias!"

The Duke of Steel gazes expressionlessly at Ose through the holes in his mask. His blood-red eyes slowly shift color to pure white as he nods.

"Attentive as always. Hello, Ose. Seems like just yesterday we had a nice chat."

"Uriel," Ose mutters. "Of course, with everything else going wrong, you _would_ reveal yourself at a time like this."

"I just got through suffering a series of most unpleasant dreams," Uriel hisses. She begins revolving her fireballs, increasing their heat while contracting their size. "And who, pray tell, forced me to suffer them? Ah, t'was _thee_."

A moment of silence follows as Uriel, the Archangel of Vengeance, and Ose, the Emperor of Infiltration, stare each other down. 

"I defeated you once. I can do it again..." Ose hisses. "You should have stayed asleep, Uriel."

"That is a most interesting transformation," Uriel says, ignoring Ose's taunts. "I do not recall seeing it the last time we fought."

"Sorry to disappoint you, but I didn't need it then," Ose replies, "nor do I now. However, I'm in a bit of a rush today, so you'll have to forgive me for my rudeness."

"I forgive thee for nothing," Uriel says. "So, we mustn't tarry any longer. I have many demons to kill, beginning with thee. Come! Let us fight as we were always meant to!"

Ose flicks her eyes toward Belial's comatose body, then back to Uriel.

"Tch. Fine. I'll burn you to ash, then Satan's Whore. I was going to kill you both anyway!"

Ose transforms into a lightning bolt and flies toward Uriel. Uriel presses her fireballs together and nods.

"Yes. Just like that."

---

>!This is what a spoiler looks like! Click it to reveal the text!!