Part 544: Indomitable

Before Diablo's astral appearance inside the Core and his meeting with humanity's leaders, a massive war was expected to unfold. Countless humans as well as their allied monster and demon comrades mentally went to red alert, expecting a genocide to occur. However, over the next 24 hours, that didn't end up happening. Instead, Jason Hiro bowed his head to the Archdemon and stepped aside, evacuating the Core except for some key personnel. The demons returned to take control of their domain, with ten of Diablo's new Emperors leading the advance.

This loss of a central hub proves to be a crippling blow to humanity's moral center. Countless people figuratively turn their eyes toward the Wordsmith with looks of scorn and disgust. Whether they can see him or not, many of them end up with a mental image of him shivering in fear before the Archdemon, then quickly bowing his head and retreating like a beaten dog.

It doesn't help that Neil Adams is all too pleased to fan the flames and spread rumors through military channels that the demons must have found some severe leverage to hold over the Wordsmith's head. Public sentiment quickly sours, and countless people begin to rethink their opinion of the Wordsmith, assuming they hadn't already been doing so over the past six years.

Between Beelzebub's detonation and subsequent 'forgiveness', or the massive number of lives lost during Stormbringer, or the way Jason blithely allowed demons to integrate into human society, many people begin to think deeply about whether or not they actually want the First Wordsmith as their leader.

"I just don't get it, daddy." Lily Brown complains to her father. "How can the Wordsmith be such a sissy? He didn't even put up a fight!"

Benjamin Brown makes a few sandwiches inside his kitchen while his daughter sits at the table and waits for her food. He glances at Lily, then shrugs nonchalantly before continuing to place some meat, cheese, and vegetables native to Tarus II on the bread.

"I wasn't invited to the discussion, so I don't know what was said and what wasn't." Benjamin says, his tone mild. "But I doubt the rumors going around are entirely true. The Wordsmith's power is vast. I doubt he's simply given up and pledged obeisance to the Archdemon. Even if he has... I'm not entirely opposed."

As a collaborator who worked with the demons for 100,000 years following the end of the Energy Wars, Benjamin Brown has long lost his feelings of distrust and hatred toward the demons. He instead views them as longtime friends and companions, so he doesn't mind if Diablo takes control and rules over humanity once more.

After all, Diablo did that in the past, and everything went well until the Wordsmith showed up. Surely, returning to his former role in an even more powerful manner could only lead to a better future than before, _right_?

But Lily appears less convinced. "That Wordsmith keeps screwing up again and again. I still haven't forgiven him for killing Ose! She may have been a little heavy-handed towards humanity sometimes, but she was a good person at heart! She didn't deserve to die!"

Benjamin snorts. "Right. Ose, a good person. You keep telling yourself that, sweetie. Here, eat your food before you head off to work."

He plops down a plate with three sandwiches on it, and his daughter quickly snaps them up and scarfs them down.

"Right! At least working with everyone here has been pretty fulfilling. Oh, and daddy, have you visited the hospital yet?"

"The hospital?" Benjamin asks, blinking twice. "Why would I need to go there?"

"Because of the mandatory crystal-scanning session." Lily explains between bites. "I'm going there before work today. It doesn't take long. You just pop in and they do a five-second scan of your body with these crystals Miss Hiro made. Apparently it clears up your chakra pathways or something."

"Oh. _That_ hospital thing." Benjamin says with a roll of his eyes. "It's not for clearing your chakra, it's to scan for irregularities in your body's spiritual foundation. Word's been handed down from the military that the recent shift in the Labyrinth's mana may have caused some imbalances in the mana on Tarus II. The Wordsmith's wife is scanning everyone just to be sure."

"Right! It's a mana/chakra thing." Lily chirps. "Just like I said! Anyway, I'm gonna drop by before work so I can say hi to Beli. I've been meaning to catch up with her but I just haven't had the time."

"Mmm. You have fun with that... succubus." Benjamin says, barely containing a frown. "Ugh. You're just like your mother."

...

Inside Tarus II's hospital, Belial stands in a small room with a human soldier an arm's length away. She holds up the clear crystal Jason gave to her, and it glows red for a moment.

"Hmm..." Belial says, faintly frowning. She makes a note on the paper, then motions for the woman to leave. After she departs, Belial calls out, "Jacob Reyson!"

A man walks in, and Belial scans him with the crystal. It turns green, and she nods before waving him out.

"Marcus Wheatley!"

"Delphina Zero-Eight!"

"Erin Maegar!"

One by one, she calls out the names on her list, causing people to come in, stand for a few seconds as she scans them, then leave. The process is mind-numbingly simple and takes no time at all. Having been at this for over twenty hours, she doesn't feel particularly fatigued, but she does become bored out of her mind, ultimately repeating the process purely on autopilot while her thoughts wander.

"Jarod Ryner!"

"Lucas Zero-Six!"

Some of the people have last names using only numbers. This turns out to be a requirement passed down by the military, since plenty of humans originally came from small tribes on worlds where last names simply weren't necessary. For these people, they are assigned a number for their last name until they marry someone else with a last name or decide to come up with one of their own.

"Henry Cliff!"

When she calls out this name, Belial's brain momentarily reactivates. She blinks and looks up as the person enters the room.

_So it's him._ She thinks.

She pauses for half a second, as if debating whether or not to scan the fidgeting young man before her.

_What if he is infected? Maybe I just shouldn't say anything. Then he can die like a bastard deserves._

Belial's pupils flicker indecisively, but only for a moment. She ultimately decides to swipe the crystal over his body, giving him a scan like all the others.

It lights up green, and he simply nods at her before exiting the room.

_Seems he wasn't infected after all._ Belial thinks. _Bummer._

"Jenny Mathers!"

...

Henry, formerly a private in humanity's army, but now one of the most hated traitors on Tarus II, numbly walks out of the hospital room, neither understanding the purpose of Belial scanning him, nor particularly caring what the results might have been.

_It turned green. Must have been good news._ Henry thinks to himself as he shuffles through the corridor, keeping his head down. These days, he doesn't like meeting other people's eyes, especially when they're fellow humans. _First time for everything._

As he walks, Henry flinches when he suddenly sees something moving toward him out of the corner of his eye. He jerks back reflexively, only to see the face of a familiar man as the fellow reaches out to touch Henry's shoulder.

"Henry!" The man says, turning his touch into a waving motion. "Haven't seen or heard from you in a while. How have you been?"

"H-how have I been?" Henry asks, momentarily dumbfounded. He glances around at the people lining up in the hallway, many of whom immediately recognize him. A series of glares and jeers come his way, making him quickly lower his eyes.

"I've been good." Henry immediately lies. "Catch you later, Saul."

"Whoa, whoa. What's the big rush?" Saul asks. "Got a hot date?"

Henry shrugs. "No. Don't have much of anything going on, actually."

"Great! Why don't you wait out there in the main hall a few minutes." Saul replies. "It won't take me long to get scanned. I'm close to the front of the line."

"Oh. Alright... sure." Henry says, uncertain if he should reject Solomon's nephew or not. In the end, his anxiety about being seen in public loses to his desire to see even one friendly face.

Henry awkwardly continues shuffling out of the corridor, pausing only when he reaches the main entry area which is now jam-packed with humans waiting their turn to get scanned. Three dozen different lines form going down different corridors, leading to many different rooms. Grima, the receptionist goblin, dutifully hands out tickets and room numbers to everyone who approaches his desk.

Henry figuratively twiddles his thumbs, finally becoming invisible now that he's stepped within a large enough mass of people that nobody nearby pays him any mind. Every few seconds, the lines will shift forward while other people walk back down the halls, having completed their scans.

Like Saul said, it doesn't take him long to finish his scans and head down the hall to meet up with Henry.

"There you are!" Saul laughs, clapping Henry on the back. "What say you and me go grab a bite to eat, eh? I found this great goblin-run meat stand half a click from here, won't take us a minute to reach it. Gotta get Kiari something too, lord knows she goes bananas for their barbecued 'Jhoral' meat."

Henry shrugs. "Yeah, sure, whatever works."

He and Saul make their way out of the hospital, with Saul mostly filling the dead air while Henry only offers perfunctory nods or sometimes says yes or no. But otherwise, Henry doesn't say much.

"My results came up green! Isn't that wonderful?" Saul asks. "Dunno what those crystals are scanning for, but green sounds good to me. How about you?"

Henry shrugs. "Mine was green too."

"Great! That's just great..."

Saul trails off. He walks up to the meat stand and orders some food, then glances at Henry. "You want anything? Bill's on me."

"No, no, I couldn't burden you like that." Henry says, waving his hand dismissively. "I, uh, I just ate a little bit ago. You go ahead though."

"Burden me?" Saul scoffs. "Henry, my girlfriend is a _Demon Emperor._ Through her bugs, Kiari earns more Merit Tokens than any other person in the city barring perhaps one of those fairy queens. It's no trouble at all."

"Well, uh... I mean, if you insist..." Henry mumbles, before randomly pointing at something on the menu. "I guess I could try that."

A few minutes later, he and Saul sit on a bench inside the nearby Central Gardens, where they see the ghost of the former Heroes, Sir Lorent and Shana, both painting on canvasses off in the distance while some kids and a few teens mimic them.

"So. You haven't really answered my question." Saul says after taking a big bite out of his barbecued meat. He licks his fingers, savoring the sweet and tangy residue with a quiet groan of pleasure. "How have things been, Henry?"

"Oh, you know." Henry says, taking an even bigger bite to stuff his mouth so he doesn't have to talk. "Pretty good."

"Yeah? Is that so..." Saul says, once again trailing off.

This time, he doesn't speak for a good thirty seconds. Saul munches on his meat while looking off into the distance.

"It's been hard on you." He finally says, having finished off one of the ribs he purchased. He wipes his hands with a napkin, then pauses his eating to look at Henry sitting beside him. "After that inquisition thing, I started feeling worried for you."

Henry flinches. In his heart of hearts, he hoped Saul hadn't even heard about what happened. After all, Saul usually keeps to himself and stays in his hut, enjoying the simple life. He's not much of a worldly man, caring little for the greater good or other divine acts of providence. Henry hoped he might have simply overlooked the tribunal entirely.

But given Kiari herself sat in the Lesser Demon audience only a stone's throw away from the primary platform, that would obviously have been a pipe dream. There wasn't a chance she didn't detail that day's events to her lover when she returned home.

"It's fine." Henry says. "I'm alive, aren't I?"

"Man does not live on bread alone." Saul says. "I'm guessing most people don't want to talk to you these days?"

Henry doesn't respond for a few moments.

"...No. Not really."

"I thought not." Saul says, biting into the next piece of rib-meat, but this time much more slowly and deliberately than before. He spends a few seconds chewing it while he thinks about what to say next. "You screwed up. But everyone does eventually, kid. My screw-up caused me to fall into the clutches of an undying monster for 100,000 years. I lost contact with my entire family, and awoke in the far-future to find they had perished to the annals of time."

Despite his grim words, Saul chuckles. "Everyone except for my annoying uncle. Why Solomon lived long enough to tease me, I'll never know."

"That must have been a hard transition for you." Henry says, glancing at Saul with a newfound sense of sympathy. "What allowed you to endure?"

Once again, it takes Saul a few seconds to respond. He silently chews his meat before answering.

"...I considered ending it all. Many times. Without my family, what did I have to live for? I could vaguely remember bits and pieces of the last 100,000 years. Memories of being a monster. Sometimes mining in caves. Sometimes whipping human servants on Bahamut's orders."

He pauses.

"But I didn't end my life. And I'm glad I didn't. I held on, and before long, I met my uncle. Then time passed and I met Kiari. She wasn't an Emperor at the time, but merely a flirty demon girl with these cute freckles I couldn't take my eyes off..."

He bobs his head from side to side, momentarily becoming lost in his memories before snapping back to reality.

"That was four years ago. Nowadays, I've come to think this might be the happiest period of my life."

"You pulled through." Henry says with a smile. "I'm glad for you."

"Yes." Saul says seriously, meeting Henry's gaze. "But I'm worried for you. It's not easy finding the willpower to go on when it feels like you've lost everything. You were Neil Adams' top sniper. A lot of people respected you. Everyone wanted to be your friend. You even had some big accomplishments during Stormbringer. But now nobody wants to be around you, you've lost your military rank, and... what else do you have left?"

Henry lowers his eyes and looks away.

"Nothing." He says, his chest cold and numb. "I'm going through the motions. That's all."

"I assumed that might be the case." Saul nods. "I'm guessing you don't have much in the way of Merit Tokens, huh? Driving people around can't pay much."

"Well. I get by." Henry replies.

"I'd like it if you did more than 'get by.'" Saul says. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a piece of paper and a pen. After writing something down, he hands it to the young man.

"Here. My wife recently started building this new high-tech facility with her bugs. Phoebe Hiro personally commissioned it for the upcoming war effort against the Plague. I'm gonna get you in on the ground floor as a technician. You'll be in a specialized suit all day, so nobody will see your face if you don't want them to. It's all very hush-hush, so you don't even need to tell people your full name. You can make a good income there, maybe get a fresh start."

Henry flinches, recoiling a half inch from Saul as if the man had just squirted him in the face with water.

"Huh? Why would you offer me this? What do you have to gain?"

"Gain?" Saul fires back, giving the kid a deep smirk. "You little brat. Who do you think I am? I'm not helping you because I want something from you. I'm helping you because I see a friend in need."

"Okay. But I'm a traitor to humanity. I almost got Neil Adams killed." Henry explains. "You shouldn't associate with the likes of me, or..."

"Or what? Are people going to badmouth me? Make me lose my job?" Saul retorts. "I'm a hermit living in a hut. I leech off my hot demon girlfriend's income so I don't have to do any hard work. I don't give a damn what anyone says."

He moves the piece of paper closer, making Henry follow the movement with his eyes.

"Kid, you made one big mistake. You're not a bad person. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. Even my jerk of an uncle got duped by a few women back in the day, and people call him the 'Knowledge-Seeker.' If the so-called wisest Hero of all time can screw up and get his entire lineage killed by demons, yet still earn redemption, so can you."

A warm feeling begins to smolder inside Henry's stomach. He gently reaches out and takes the piece of paper from Saul's hand.

"I... see. Alright. Thank you very much. It means a lot that you'd do a big favor for me like this."

"It's not big at all." Saul says, gently squeezing Henry's shoulder. "But I do hope it helps you. Remember, humans are not like other species. We're a social group that rely on one another. Rugged individualism may take you far, but the power of groups working together is far more formidable. If you need someone to talk to, I'm always available. It's not like I have much going on at home besides tending to my garden."

"Maybe I'll drop by sometime and help you water your plants." Henry says.

"I hope so. Kiari is usually too busy to join me there."

The two men finish their food, and the mood becomes a little lighter as Henry's spirits lift up, little by little. The loneliness and isolation he felt over the past couple of weeks had been eating at him constantly, and it's only now that he's found someone to vent to that he realized he needed it all along.

Eventually, the two men go their separate ways. Once Henry leaves, he feels a bit of a hop in his step. He hums quietly to himself and gets going down the road.

As he walks, Henry feels a pair of eyes watching him. He turns to look down the road, where he sees a random human male looking his way. The man immediately appears familiar to Henry, but it takes him a moment to make the mental connection.

_Isn't that Neil's friend, Makoto Ueda? No, that's right, he had his soul taken over by that ancient Hero. What was his name again...?_

Unable to remember Siddhartha Gautama's name, Henry pauses mid-step and raises an eyebrow as the Japanese-looking man walks over to him.

"Ah, Henry. It seems you've regained a bit of a spark in your eyes."

"Yeah, uh, sure." Henry says with a frown. "Something like that. Can I help you?"

Buddha stares at the young man for several long seconds, making Henry feel extremely awkward. Eventually, he shrugs.

"It seems the Wordsmith discovered a method. Things are going to become interesting soon, young man. I hope your willpower is ready for the trials and tribulations."

Henry's expression shifts from awkwardness to confusion. "I... huh? What are you talking about?"

"The Great Shattering draws nearer every day." Buddha answers, his words not helping clarify matters at all for Henry. "When it arrives, despair will seize the hearts of men. I can only hope capable new Heroes will rise up to replace the old..."

"New Heroes?" Henry asks. "Like Wordsmiths?"

"Any man can become a Hero." Buddha answers. "Magic is not required. Only a brave heart wielding the power of the indomitable human spirit. Perhaps, if your willpower is strong enough, it could be you who people look up to someday."

"I find that hard to believe." Henry retorts, looking away with a bitter expression on his face. Already, the good feelings from his interaction with Saul have disappeared as if they never existed. "Everyone wants me dead."

"For now." Buddha answers with a nod. "But the machinations of Karma are not to be trifled with. You reap what you sow. Start planting seeds now and they will fully germinate when the time is right."

Henry's eyes practically bug out of his head. He stares at Buddha with even more confusion than before, but the Japanese man simply waves at him, then turns and walks away.

A few seconds later, Henry shakes his head.

"What a strange fellow."