Part 401: Samuel's Strength

_The world of Volgarius._

Within the top twenty levels of the Founder's Thumb, a couple dozen humans, a Minotaur, and a Demon Emperor all rest within a comfortable, recently-built communal space. Built in a single day by some above-average Technopaths, it offers luxurious sleeping arrangements for the soldiers who originally came to protect Jason's life, as well as his chef and Emperor Serena.

Among the humans is one man in particular, Lieutenant Samuel Baker. He paces back and forth restlessly in the room's center while his subordinates all mess with datapads, playing a virtual game of poker with each other while lounging on their beds.

Samuel walks from left to right, and right to left. He sticks his thumbs in his pockets while grumbling curses under his breath.

Officer Ashley glances up from her datapad at the pacing man. "Samuel, come _on_. Do you have to keep prancing around all day long? You're making it hard for me to enjoy my game."

Samuel growls at her. "It's been almost two days. The Wordsmith still isn't back. What's the point of us coming along to protect Commander Hiro if he fucks off without us? We might as well have stayed on Tarus II."

"Yeah. Maybe." Ashley admits, while calling one of her comrades' bluffs in their virtual game. "But we didn't know what to expect, coming here. Now that we know, we don't have much else better to do. Come, sit down. Join us for the next round."

"I can't focus on any games right now." Samuel says, shaking his head. He glances at his Power Glove sitting on the dresser beside his bed. "I'll go and make myself useful. Gonna get some more training done."

Ashley rolls her eyes. "Whatever. Suit yourself."

Samuel walks over and grabs the device off his dresser. He heads out of the room, and after he leaves, Ashley sighs.

"That guy is _such_ a workaholic."

...

Samuel heads down the corridor, arriving at a previously designated holographic training area put in place by the Volgrim to serve their guests' needs. Despite the Wordsmith and his people only intending to be on Volgarius for a week at most, these specially-designed rooms allow the Volgrim not only to appear as kind and altruistic hosts, but to subtly assert the power of their civilization. By witnessing the depths of Technopath creations, the humans can subconsciously fear and venerate their betters, whether they want to or not.

Samuel closes the door to the holographic training room, finding himself the only person inside. He lifts up his Power Glove and adjusts its settings, transforming himself into a massive black-furred Minotaur with giant, cloven hooves. His height jumps upward by two full feet, and his muscle mass doubles.

"Computer, turn on a training program. Give me something to fight!" Samuel commands.

Wordlessly, the low-level synthmind in charge of the holographic training facility follows his order. It changes the room to a moderately temperate world, one with grass and trees and rolling hills. The technology easily fools Samuel's brain, making him feel as if he has stepped foot onto this other world in person.

At the same time, dozens of strange, never-before-seen creatures burst out of the ground, their bodies partially covered in rocks and granite adhering to their skin. Resembling four-legged spiders the size of small children, they appear quite frightening as they charge at Samuel and allow him to whip out a huge greataxe.

The human-turned-monster roars with great gusto. He attacks the rock-spiders and starts smashing them about, occasionally suffering minor wounds as they stab him and cut him, forcing him backward. Still, he kills them by the dozens and eventually takes out a total of forty-seven, clearing the simulation.

After the first wave of enemies disappears, Samuel pauses for a minute to catch his breath. He touches his wounds and winces. Despite the pain wracking his body, he knows that in fact his injuries are nothing more than a trick of the technology. By interfacing with his mind, the holographic simulation can make him feel the pain of being stabbed and cut, and even deceive his eyes to a point where he can't tell the difference.

"It's so realistic..." Samuel grunts.

He continues to pause in place. The Lieutenant frowns as several feelings flicker through his heart.

"I'm so strong. So powerful in this body. But I feel... incomplete."

The man stares at the fake world before him while blood seemingly drips from his wounds.

A sense of listlessness pervades his mind.

"All this training. All this strength. I pursue it to seek my revenge. I have to kill all of the demons. Every last one. But it won't ever bring my little brother back..."

He lifts up his Minotaur-hand and gazes at his palm.

"It's not right. This body... it doesn't _feel_ right to me."

The man rotates his wrist. He looks at the Power Glove attached to his left arm and frowns.

"Minotaur. Orc. Even a Harpy. I'm somewhat compatible with them all, but it's like I'm wearing the wrong skin. Maybe... I mean, nobody's looking, yeah? Maybe I should try..."

Samuel changes the dial to one that display an image of a humanoid figure with dainty-looking butterfly wings. He frowns in annoyance at the thought of assuming such a form.

"Like I'd ever want to become a stupid fucking fairy. A little butterfly-dancing _wuss_."

Still, despite his audible protest, the man hesitates.

"But, I mean... nobody will see if I do it... just this once. And I am a little... curious."

He bites his lip for a moment, then shrugs his shoulders.

"Fuck it."

Samuel presses the activation button. His body demorphs from the figure of a minotaur back to that of a human. The transition, as always, is a little uncomfortable. But only moments later, he feels a cool and pleasant sensation spring out of his back. A pair of wings pushes through his clothes and gently tears open a gap in the fabric. Moments later, his evolution concludes.

"Hmm? That... wasn't so bad." Samuel mutters.

The man cracks his neck. He ponders what exactly he should do.

"How do I use fairy magic, anyway?" Samuel asks himself. "Do I speak a magic word. Maybe wave my hand like-"

He starts to lift his hand, and before he can react, a pulse of light fires from his palm toward the ceiling! It splashes harmlessly against the reinforced surface, startling him.

"What in the hell?!"

Samuel blinks twice. So effortless was his usage of magic that he can't even believe his eyes.

"I did that? But how?"

He holds up his hand again. Once more, a bolt of light fires from his palm, though its relative power seems weak enough that it might only push a small child off their feet.

Curious, Samuel begins to experiment. He releases dozens of light-bolts, some of them visibly stronger than others. By concentrating his mind, he becomes capable of increasing their power and strength to the point they could even dent some heavier armors.

"Huh. This is actually pretty neat." Samuel murmurs. "And it's so easy to pull off. There's no discomfort at all. It's like I was always meant to use this magic. Not like when I become a Minotaur or an Orc."

He pauses.

"But surely, there's more I can do?"

Samuel thinks back to his interactions with Blinker. As the lone fairy on Tarus II for the longest time, she's been the only wellspring of knowledge for fairy magic, but he hasn't actually spent much time with her.

The man frowns.

"Illusions. Fairies can summon illusions..."

He focuses his mind, then begins to imagine a certain figure standing in front of him...

Instantly, a clone of Samuel appears!

The man perfectly recreates his physical appearance, making an identical-looking version of himself stand ten feet away. He blinks in surprise.

"...That easy? I barely even had to try."

Seeing the illusory figure of himself makes Samuel's heart race. After a brief moment, he slowly nods.

"Brother..."

He focuses his mind again. This time, his 'clone' changes appearance. It becomes a much younger man, but one who doesn't look too dissimilar from Samuel himself.

The moment he finishes creating the new illusion, Samuel's expression stiffens.

"It... it looks... just like him... just like Grady."

Grady Baker. Samuel's brother. Killed by demons, all those years ago.

Unlike many of the other higher-ups of humanity's military, Samuel is someone who came from the liberated worlds. He lived as a slave to the demons for the first thirty years of his life. He remembers the terror they would spread when they went on a 'soul hunting party' to kill off the strongest humans on their chattel worlds.

Samuel balls his hands into fists. He trembles with emotion as he gazes into the eyes of his little brother, a man who was killed at the tender young age of fifteen, when demons charged into his village and massacred a quarter of the population.

"...I'll never forgive them, Grady." Samuel whispers. "Never. I'm still fighting the good fight. When this is all over, I'll join you in the next life, along with mama and papa. Don't worry. I'll _never_ forget you."

Seeing his brother for the first time in fifteen years, Samuel takes a long moment to pause and gaze at the person he loved most in the world. He remembers why he continues to fight, and this realization firms up his determination.

Without hesitation, Samuel waves his hand and causes Grady's image to disperse.

"This is the ticket." He mutters. "I finally have a way to explosively increase my power. Fairy magic is... it's perfect for me. But I don't yet know how to reliably use it. When I return to Tarus II, I should seek out Blinker and ask for her advice."

He pauses.

"...In the meantime. I'll just have to make do with what I have currently."

Samuel waves his hands. He summons a barrier of energy around himself.

"I can do that too, huh? Useful. It seems like my imagination is the limit. Computer, start up another training sim, but keep the difficulty low. Just one or two enemies this time. Bipedal, nothing too extravagant."

The computer wordlessly follows his orders and summons skeletons from beyond the grave to attack Samuel. The Lieutenant jumps into action, busting his butt to try out all sorts of new magical abilities.

"Telekinesis! I can push and pull! I can crush! I'm not weak anymore! I am strong!"

Within less than an hour, the man has already invented over fifty different magical abilities, none of them particularly potent, but all of them quite diverse.

He smiles to himself.

"Not bad. Not bad at all."

Samuel turns to leave the room while adjusting the dial on his Power Glove. However, just as he's about to deactivate the gauntlet, he jumps in fright when he discovers a goddamned Volgrim standing at the doorway behind him.

"Jumping Jesus!" Samuel exclaims, while jerking backward and raising his fists. He immediately identifies the new arrival as a yellow-skinned Psion, someone of unknown origins. "Who the fuck are you?! Don't sneak up on me like that!"

The unknown Psion stands unmoving, her hands clasped behind her back. She appears totally unruffled by the human's loud screams.

[Mud-dweller. That device on your wrist. It... interests me.]

She speaks in English, allowing Samuel to understand her words. At the same time, her tone is neither polite nor rude. She speaks blandly and with deep expectations, as if believing the human will immediately bow to her will and obey any command she might utter.

"Who are you?!" Samuel snaps back. "A name, woman!"

The Psion slowly blinks all six of her eyes.

[Rude. Loud. Like all mud-dwellers. I am Executor Riley, an Eighth-Level Psion of the Volgrim Empire. And you are Samuel Baker. A low-level member of humanity's military.]

She cocks her head slightly.

[There. Enough with the pleasantries. You will explain the function of the device attached to your appendage.]

Her words broker no argument. Even while being relatively unaware of the differences in Psion ranks, Samuel has picked up plenty of hints that any Psion with the title of Executor must not, under any circumstances, be fucked with.

His skin loses some of its warmth. "I... I am one of humanity's delegates. The Wordsmith-"

[The Wordsmith is not here right now. Nor will he return for several time-units.] Executor Riley states in an imposing mental voice. [I am hardly acting out of line. You will detail the functions of that device to me. I wish to add its uniqueness to my knowledge.]

"...And what if I don't want to comply?" Samuel asks.

Riley blinks again, as if so bored by his paltry and feeble resistance that she can barely keep from falling asleep.

All of a sudden, Riley's body flickers. She materializes directly in front of Samuel, startling him and making him jump backward in fright. The unexpected teleportation catches him off-guard and makes him trip over his own feet. He falls on his ass and grunts in pain.

"Gah! You... you bloody..."

[I would advise watching your language.] Riley warns him. [I am not known for taking insults well. I especially do not approve of feeble mud-dwellers denying me the information I so _politely_ requested. Test my patience at your own discretion.]

A chill goes down Samuel's back. Even with his newly uncovered powers, he knows he doesn't stand the slightest chance in hell of dealing with this Executor on his own. She could stomp him into a bloody pulp with the same effort he might put into squishing an ant.

"...It's called, uh... it's called a Power Glove." Samuel hesitantly says, while shakily rising to his feet. "Why do you want to know?"

[The technology is primitive. Nevertheless, its body-shifting properties are quite remarkable.] Riley states. [I am no Technopath, but even I can imagine a variety of utilizations for such a device. You will give me your Power Glove.]

"I won't." Samuel says, while steeling his stomach and narrowing his eyes. "If you want it, you'll have to take it. Shouldn't be too hard for a tough gal like you."

[Why do you deny my command?] Riley asks, appearing slightly confused. [Have you any idea the immense power I wield? You are nothing to me.]

"And yet here you are, still chatting me up." Samuel says, his eyes flickering with a hint of realization. "Come to think of it, you definitely _could_ just take the gauntlet. I wouldn't even be able to resist. Yet... you're not doing that. Why?"

Riley remains silent, but Samuel's mind continues to race.

"Don't tell me. You're not _allowed_ to take it. If you attack me... you'll get in big trouble. You need me to give it up voluntarily. You'll get in trouble with Unarin or Dosena, right?"

[Do not utter the Founder's names so flippantly!] Riley suddenly exclaims, her voice booming in Samuel's mind. [You will speak their titles with respect! If you do not, I will have reason to execute you on the spot!]

Samuel grits his teeth. Riley's mere words contain so much power that his nostrils and ears begin to bleed. Even so, he forces himself to remain standing, and even manages to crack a smile.

"...Haha! Sorry, 'miss Executor!' I was indeed disrespectful! But what an interesting turn of phrase you just used, yeah? You'll have 'reason' to execute me? So that means you can't just kill me without a good reason? You're looking for one. You want me to screw up so you'll have 'permission' to take my gauntlet. I almost fell for your ruse!"

Executor Riley stiffens. She glares at the human with hate-filled eyes.

[Clever little mud-dweller. Maybe you aren't as dense as a rock.]

With her minor little plot foiled, Riley pulls back and eases up on her psionic suppression, weakening the amount of pressure placed upon Samuel's mind. He breathes a sigh of relief.

"No, I'm actually pretty ignorant. Certainly can't match up to a crazy-powerful alien like you." Samuel says. "Why don't we try this again? You want info on my glove? You should give me something of equivalent value. An equal exchange."

[I will never treat a lowly mud-dweller as my equal.] Riley proclaims, bristling at the mere thought of entertaining Samuel's words. [Such a flippant insect. You court death, trying to make a deal with me.]

Samuel regains a bit of his confidence. He stands up straight and look her right in the eyes.

"Maybe I was courting death before, but let's drop the bullshit. You're not going to attack me unless I slip up, and now that I know your game, I won't do that. So, if you want to obtain the thing you desire, you'll have to... adjust your standards."

Riley hesitates.

The Executor glances around the room while sweeping her psionic sense all throughout the immediate region. Naturally, she picks up on the presence of other high-level Psions, a fact that causes her great annoyance.

[What sort of... _cooperation_... do you seek?] Riley asks, her tone dripping with disdain.

"Like I said. Equivalent exchange." Samuel replies. "Surely you can give me some interesting technology in exchange for my gauntlet? Of course, I'll have to contact the Wordsmith and get his permission before making any trades."

[I am unable to grant a _lower_ species access to Volgrim technology.] Riley says. [You are not privy to the Founder's hard-earned wealth.]

"Sure, sure." Samuel says, casually waving his hand while stealing even more of the conversation's momentum. "But it doesn't have to be anything bleeding edge. Come on, doesn't this gauntlet interest you? Changing your form could be useful, yeah? Maybe you have some... B-grade technology. Something worth exchanging nobody would miss."

[Even the scraps of superior Volgrim technology would be eons more advanced than anything a mud-dweller could create.] Riley snaps back. [I cannot make such an exchange!]

Samuel slowly blinks his eyes. He sighs deeply and slowly, then heaves his shoulders in a comically exaggerated manner.

"Oh. That's too bad. Well, I guess I'll have to be going, then. Since you have nothing to offer me, this has all been a great big waste of my time."

Riley glowers at the human. She watches as he starts to walk past her, heading toward the doorway leading out of the training facility.

[Insolent!] Executor Riley barks. [I could kill you a thousand different ways, mud-dweller! How dare you try and... and trick me into giving you classified Volgrim technology!]

Samuel keeps walking toward the exit.

"It's all in your hands, _Executor_ Riley. If you want something from this _lowly_ mud-dweller, you'll have to decide whether it's worth degrading yourself to my level. Either put up or shut up, that's what my papa always said."

He pauses at the doorway for half a breath, but seeing no change in her attitude, he shrugs.

"It's in your hands."

The entrance opens and closes behind him, leaving Riley all by herself.

**BOOM.**

An explosion of rage-fueled psionic energy bursts out of her body, collapsing the space around her and shaking the room. The training facility loses power as hundreds of its delicate mechanisms shatter, revealing that even this tiny bit of barely controlled psionic rage could have imploded Samuel's body into nothingness.

[Bastard!] Riley roars in her own head, trembling with fury. [How dare a mud-dweller humiliate me! The moment he's no longer under his master's protection, I'll go to him and crush-]

Before she can finish that thought, a flicker of energy appears at Riley's side. She flinches, then turns to her right and widens her eyes.

[F-Founder Dosena!] Riley exclaims. [I... I wasn't...]

[Do not attempt to lie to me.] Founder Dosena says, her tone bland. [Exchanging of technology with a lower species is strictly forbidden. Even for you.]

Dosena's pitch-black skin contrasts with the shining golden armor wrapped protectively around her body. Not that she needs it. Her physiological strengths have already made her all but immune to damage of a material nature.

At the same time, her powerful appearance causes Riley's emotions to fluctuate. She lowers her head obediently.

[Of course, Second Founder. I would not dare. It's just... those 'Power Gloves'... they are so unique...]

[We are already aware of their properties.] Dosena says. [Unarin and I consider them mildly interesting. Due to their magical nature, we will not be able to properly replicate their effects without a Wordsmith of our own. They will be useless to us.]

She pauses.

[However, your thoughts were in the right place. You sought to procure that technology for the glory of the Founders. You did not excessively breach any decorum. You have committed no crime.]

Hearing Dosena's words of 'comfort,' Riley exhales slightly. She lifts her head to look up at the Second Founder, her idol and the idol of all other Psions.

[Forgive me, Second Founder. I will not make any further moves on the mud-dwellers.]

[You are not the only one who wishes to do such a thing.] Dosena replies. [The First Founder must hold himself back from directly seizing the things he wants. We have no guaranteed way to capture the Wordsmiths and force them to do our bidding. Furthermore, we do not know for certain that there are only two of them. Even if that were the case, they may have set up contingencies to create additional Wordsmiths in the event of their deaths or imprisonment.]

The Executor scowls.

[Second Founder. It is a great humiliation that we must lower ourselves to bargaining with these inferior creatures.]

[It is.] Dosena nods. [But do not entirely look down on them. They have... potential. Not a small amount, but a terrifying amount. Given time, they might eclipse our own civilization. Naturally, this would require millions of cycles of evolution, but it is still a sobering thought.]

Dosena glances around the destroyed room while musing to herself.

[We have become too stagnant. Too comfortable in our positions as the 'deserved' leader of our galaxy. Perhaps that will ultimately result in our downfall.]

Riley stares at Dosena. [Second Founder...]

After a brief moment, Dosena shakes her head.

[I take my leave.]

Without waiting for Riley's response, she flickers away, leaving the Executor behind to ruminate on her words.

After a minute or two, Riley lightly stomps her foot.

[_Damned mud-dwellers._]