Part 717: New Confidantes

_January 29th, 2021. Argent City, Aevum._

An hour passed. Jason and the others all sat down inside Harold's manor, with the old man now looking a lot younger and more refreshed. Helen, after becoming a Lazarite, had returned to the prime of her life, and the same was true of Harold. Both of them now looked like a middle-aged couple somewhere in their 30's to 40's, and they were both all smiles as they looked at one another adoringly. It was almost sickening how precious they acted, having regained each other after all these years. They were like lovesick teenagers, desperate to hug and kiss one another, but momentarily stymied by social pressures to act primly and properly in front of their guests.

The entire group discussed many things. Most importantly, with his mind restored, Harold became incredibly sharp. It didn't take long before Jason realized he wasn't some dumb country bumpkin, but something of a strategic leader with a sizable intellect. Harold's funny way of speaking contrasted with his many years of military service. It turned out that during the war, he hadn't been any ordinary soldier, but a platoon leader who had many victories under his belt.

"So this here war that's comin', it's a big one, eh?" Harold mused, massaging his short but handsome blonde beard. "Not just the planet, but the galaxy. That's some crazy stuff yer' talkin' about there, son."

Jason nodded. "I've given us a lot of time to prepare. If things go well, we can keep the situation in Aevum secret long enough for me to develop multiple methods for empowering humanity."

He used his Wordsmithing to create a series of floating images in the air, depicting not only Aevum itself above everyone's heads, but images of projects he had been working on.

"First things first, this is where we are right now." Jason said, directing his attention to Harold and Helen equally. "This is Aevum. It is an artificial planet hidden in the Milky Way Galaxy, far, far, far away from Earth. It is completely isolated and totally secret. Using my magic, I can transfer people and items to Earth and back with relative ease. Even if our enemies knew Aevum existed and wanted to attack it, just finding it would be damn near impossible."

Harold nodded. "Location... logistics... lots'a thought put into this shebang."

"Aevum flows at an accelerated time speed." Jason explained. "Simply put, one day on Earth is one year in here. That means for every month we delay the Volgrim or demons from learning about Aevum, we'll gain 30 years of preparation time."

The old man's eyes lit up. "You don't say? So we can prepare all sorts o' stuff in secret, train an army, equip 'n outfit them, and nobody'd be the wiser?"

"Not one soul." Jason said.

The Wordsmith paused, then grinned wryly as he looked at the faces present. "The only problem is, this place is not going to stay secret forever. A decent number of people not only know about me, but have at least some idea of Aevum's existence. We should operate under the assumption that a spy, a traitor, or even a casual slip-up could lose us our information advantage."

Seeing Harold simply nodding along while thinking about things to himself, Jason continued speaking.

"Here's a small handful of the programs I've been working on..."

"First, the new body I just gave Harold. I believe it could be possible to revive humans who have died inside of these exceptionally powerful bodies. Specifically, Heroic Ancestors like Harold. But I want you to keep this on the down-low for now. There's no need to rush this process, and I'm worried about the less than pure motivations of certain Heroes from the past."

"Next is a project I originally brought Helen here to talk about: Mindcores. I can access certain humans' souls to open up a large space inside their 'Mind Realm', then I can install one of five extremely powerful secondary artificial brains. These brains are made with spiritual energy combined with computer-like programming systems. They can enhance a person's creativity, allow them to learn quickly, grant access to simulated realities, enhance their reflexes and combat knowledge, or even help them predict the future in limited ways."

Helen looked at Jason with surprise. "Are you saying you wish to give me one of these... Mindcores?"

"Yes." Jason said. "I already talked to Catherine about it, but let's hold off on that for a short while. I'll get back to it after this."

Helen bobbed her head obediently, allowing Jason to continue.

"So far, we have a way to revive powerful elite Heroes from the dead, and to augment the brains of humans so they're a lot smarter. The next thing to think about is enhancing normal humans to become a lot more effective. To that end, I've started developing highly advanced armor systems based on technological and magical principles that will allow ordinary humans to become much more effective soldiers. I have these older designs known as T-REX's, which are nanite-based armor solutions, but I'm developing new ones, such as SIGIL, which is less like armor and more like forced temporary empowerment of a person's body."

He continued. "On top of all that, did you guys see those cubes that were levitating in the sky? Those are Simulacrums, where augmented and ordinary humans can enter to train their skills in a safe virtual environment."

Harold lifted his head to look out the window. He easily spotted one of the cubes Jason had mentioned; a giant obsidian chunk of metal with faint grey geometric energy patterns inscribed on its surface.

"...Yer gonna just throw people in those and train 'em that way?" Harold asked.

"That was the plan." Jason said, before pausing awkwardly. "I haven't made a lot of them yet, but I was going to make more. I mean... unless you have a better idea?"

The centennial man scratched his head and gave Jason a weird look. "Son, you ain't a military man, are ya? You never enlisted?"

Jason slowly shook his head. "Not exactly. I formed a military in the future I came from. But we lost a lot of fights. I wasn't formally trained in a drill camp or whatever."

"Yeah... that's 'bout what I expected." Harold said quietly. "Look son, I ain't knockin' your work. This is a real good skeleton of a plan you've got goin' on here. But that's all it is. Just a skeleton. You're hopin' to out-tech yer way to a big fat victory. That about right?"

Jason cocked his head. "I don't follow?"

Harold threw up his hands and laughed. "Bahaha! Then lemme spell it out for ya! This plan is doomed to fail unless ya carefully bake some crucial ingredients into the mix!"

Harold leaned forward, clasped his hands together, and rested his elbows on his knees.

"The Vietnam War. You know anything about it?"

"Sure." Jason said, before pausing to add, "Though it did happen like two decades before I was born."

"Lot more'n two decades." Harold said with a laugh, as if he'd just heard a naive kid say something pitifully dumb. "Look, I don't remember exactly when I bit the ice, but I know it was around '75. I watched that shithole of a war play out and it gave me a real belly full of laughs. Can you imagine a technologically superior country like the US-of-A not absolutely stomping all over a bunch of poorly equipped farmers-turned-militia?"

Harold threw his head back and roared with laughter. "But we didn't win! We done got our asses handed to us! And if you keep going the way yer' goin', we're gonna be the USA while our enemies are the Viet Cong! We'll have all the tech, all the resources, and still lose every engagement!"

Jason's face darkened with worry. "You're saying I'm putting too much faith in my technological solutions to win a war?"

"Way too much." Harold said, leaning back in his chair. "We lost 'cause them slippery treehuggers played to their strengths. They used the terrain to their advantage. They used guerilla warfare and ambushes. They laid traps. They made our boys in green look like fools. And sure, the good ol' USA won lots of battles, but we sure as shit didn't win the war! It was a DAMN embarrassment!"

Harold paused for a moment to take a breath. He closed his eyes and fell into thought.

"Look, you know what wins wars? Supply lines, logistics, and training. You can have ten times the soldiers 'n ten times the firepower, but if your boys are runnin' around like headless chickens, they'll die when the gunfire starts. That's why these here training cube thingies ain't good enough."

Jason raised an eyebrow. "The false realities they produce are extremely realistic."

"I don't doubt that." Harold calmly replied. "But see, to train a man right 'n proper, ya gots ta' blood him. Training soldiers ain't about showing 'em a bunch of proper ways to react to field situations. It's about drillin' into them that when their CO says 'jump' they ask 'How high, Sarge'! These cubes could be good, but we've gotta git a human element in there. Lucky for you, I've got a decade of trainin' fresh maggots under mah belt. You leave that part to me."

Jason wanted to retort, but frankly, Harold's offer came at a perfect time. He had been debating putting Neil Adams in charge again, but a fellow Hero was probably a better idea.

"We'll talk about this later, but I think it's a good idea." Jason said. "I'll let you think up some ideas for training, and see if I can help you recruit some high level commanding soldiers from Earth to be your underlings. In the meantime, let's move on."

Jason waved his hand. A section of Aevum was highlighted in the east side of Argent City.

"Over here we have one of many sectors I'm devoting to researching more methods to empower humanity. You have to understand that in my eyes, the demons are not humanity's primary threat. The Volgrim are. If we put all our eggs into the basket of defeating the demons, we'll die shortly afterward to the Volgrim. That's because the Volgrim have a galaxy-sized army of warriors where many of the weaker ones can casually destroy planets! The strongest demon currently in existence is a mere ant before the power of a 7th-Level Psion, let alone an 8th or 9th Level Psion."

"This is the Enlightenment Tree, or maybe we can call it the Tree of Possibilities." Jason said, zooming in on an underground area filled with artificial sunlight in the east sector. "I had to place it underground due to limited room on the surface, but it also serves to isolate the room and allow the tree to grow in peace. Of course, it also protects it from thieves and evildoers, since it's growing inside a reinforced bunker."

"What's this Enlightenment Tree all about?" Helen asked. Catherine seemed interested too.

Jason paused. He glanced at Catherine. For a brief moment, he wondered if the things he was saying now would make their way back to Raphael's ears. But over time, he had noticed Catherine was trusting him more and more, and on top of that, he'd inadvertently seen that her soul contained no direct affinity to Raphael.

He decided to trust in Catherine. If she did tell Raphael, it would put a major roadblock in front of Jason's plans, but it wouldn't be the end of the world. Jason would merely have to adapt.

"...The Tree of Possibilities is a very special item. It hasn't yet done anything useful because it is immature, but I designed it to collect small amounts of spiritual energy from all across Aevum, Earth, and Heaven, and slowly use that energy to mutate 'enlightenment fruits'. These fruits, when consumed, can grant all sorts of powerful abilities and boons to people. At least, it should in theory. I have no control over what fruits the tree develops, and I don't want control either. I can already create focused powers for people, such as by giving them a MindCore. What I want is for the tree to grant extremely unique abilities my magic cannot create, and for it to surprise me with niche utility functions."

Harold raised his eyebrows and nodded. He seemed impressed.

"Sounds like the tree from the Garden of Eden." Helen said. "Do you think the fruit it grows could poison or hurt people?"

"Possibly. We won't know until it finally bears fruit." Jason said.

Jason pointed to several other areas around Aevum.

"Many of these spots are empty right now, but I plan to create all sorts of highly advanced factories, automated industrial plants, experimentation bays, scientific research facilities, and so on. The Bio-Loom, the Aegis Womb, Reality Printer, Nursery, Swallower, Threshold, Soulforge..."

Jason trailed off, then shrugged.

"When I build them, I'll tell you guys. Let's not get bogged down in details for now. The important point is that I plan to make Aevum the capital of humanity's future Galactic Empire. Obviously, if the Volgrim or some other adversary wipes us out, then all of this will be for naught, so we have to make sure we ultimately prevail. Once Aevum's core facilities are completed, we can focus on expansion and adding living space for billions of humans."

Catherine tilted her chin up. "I think you are making a mistake."

Jason blinked. He hadn't expected such blunt criticism from Heaven's Daughter.

"What do you mean by that?" Jason carefully asked.

"Aevum is a wonderland." Catherine said, taking the time to explain herself. "It is vital to humanity's operations. It should not be a place for common rabble to live. Only humanity's elites who have contributed or who can contribute to the war effort should be offered such a privilege. If you have created Aevum, can I assume you are capable or making other bubble-worlds?"

Jason nodded. "Of course."

"Then do so. Finish your work with Aevum, then make detached bubble worlds; fortresses where humans can live with less fear of dying to the Volgrim or whoever. The more people you put inside Aevum, the higher the likelihood of introducing saboteurs, spies, bad actors, and other seedy villains who would undermine its functions."

After Catherine finished, she expected Jason to follow up on her idea and maybe ask some questions. Instead, he simply smiled.

"Well... actually, Catherine... I didn't mention this part yet, but... that was always my plan."

"What? It was?" Catherine asked.

"Yes. I said I would add expansion and living space for billions of humans, but I didn't exactly mean inside Aevum itself."

Jason scratched his chin. He suddenly felt unsure of how he should phrase this next part. If Catherine leaked this information, it would absolutely fuck him over badly. Trusting her now meant inviting her into his inner circle in a way he wasn't entirely sure he should...

...But he ultimately relented. Maybe it was because Catherine had given him no reason to distrust her, or maybe because she was so beautiful and had an innocent face, or maybe it was even just because he felt guilty about the way he'd overloaded her psyche during the MindCore operation, but either way, he decided if he was going to trust her, he needed to go all the way.

Jason swallowed his saliva heavily, making a barely audible _gulp_ sound. Everyone seemed to notice it.

"I am... in possession of... a primordial artifact." Jason said slowly, hesitantly. "I did not make this artifact. Archangel Camael did, a long time ago... before Raphael's mindwipes."

"What?!" Catherine exclaimed, showing visible shock for the first time in a while. "What sort of artifact? What is it??"

Jason quietly sighed. There was no going back now. He conjured an image in the air.

"This is Camael's Cube. It might have a proper name, but if it does, I don't know what it is. Camael once used the Cube to contain the body of the dark dragon, Leviathan, but he broke out and escaped to Earth. Now he hides here, somewhere, in absolute secrecy. I do not believe he is an evil dragon, but... that's beside the point. His existence is not too important compared to the existence of this Cube."

The blood drained from Catherine's face as she mulled over the gravity of what Jason was telling her. Like him, she now realized that he was holding nothing back. He was trusting her with information that could ruin his plans if she were to tell Raphael or Camael.

That sense of shock slowly turned to a feeling of warmth. Catherine wanted to draw closer to Jason, but there had always been a wall between them. He had concealed information from her, and she knew he had, but she hadn't wanted to press him on the matter. The fact he was revealing such vital intelligence to her now meant he was taking a leap of faith and praying she wouldn't betray him.

"Thank you for... for telling me this." Catherine said, her cheeks flushing slightly red from happiness and a slight bit of embarrassment at her swelling feelings for the man. "I know what it means that you did, and... I won't betray your confidence in me."

Jason let out a breath he didn't know he was holding. He hadn't even said anything to Catherine directly, but she had naturally picked up on what speaking of the Cube meant. As such, it felt as if a weight had lifted from his shoulders.

"I appreciate that." Jason said, smiling back at her. He schooled his expression before continuing. "Camael's Cube is bigger than you can possibly imagine. The entirety of the Sol star system, including its Oort Cloud, could fit inside this cube tens of times over. I plan to build a micro-galaxy inside the Cube, with multiple stars carefully placed to create the widest possible habitation zones. We will be able to place tens, hundreds, even thousands of worlds the size of Earth inside. And frankly, we can do even better than that. Because of my magic, we don't have to rely on the inefficient design of a planet either."

Nadia spoke for the first time. "I've already designed the preliminary sketch for a Folded World. Planets are inefficient because the living space they provide is limited to the planet's surface, building up into the sky, and perhaps a kilometer or two down into the crust. The entire core of a planet is essentially a massive waste of living space. By creating Folded Worlds, people will be able to live comfortably above the surface, on the surface, or underground without any problems. We will create a comfortable level of gravity on these Folded Worlds through artificial means, freeing up the core of the planet to become a massive living space."

"To put that in perspective," Jason explained, "imagine that if humanity efficiently lived in skyscrapers across Earth right now, with the optimal amount of space designated for wildlife, forests, growing zones for food and so on, we could probably fit a trillion people on the planet with ease. But on a Folded World, we could fit 100 trillion people, because the amount of space that would open up below the surface would be multiple orders of magnitude greater!"

"And that's not all!" Nadia excitedly chimed in. "Because the Volgrim capital world is one massive super-city. It doesn't even have wildlife or green-zones. If we took things to their logical extreme with a folded world... well, to be honest, it would be a really boring and sterile place to live, but in terms of raw population, we would not need to worry about living space for humanity."

Helen and Harold glanced at one another. They seemed to speak to each other with their eyes.

"It seems you done gots everything all planned out." Harold said, returning his gaze to Jason. "I gots no problem with any o' that. Right now, we just need to git to work and build all this stuff."

"Time seems like our biggest constraint." Helen observed. "Even if this magical realm is time-accelerated, we still have so much work to do that every second counts. Until we've beaten the Volgrim, we cannot rest on our laurels."

Jason started to say something about the Threat beyond the galaxy's confines, but after a moment of thought, he stopped himself.

He came back in time from 100,000 years in the future. The Threat had not pierced the galactic wall even by that point, and 100,000 years seemed like plenty of time to leave well enough alone for now. Humanity might have beaten the Volgrim by then, and at that point they could worry about the Dark Ones. As for the Kolvaxians, those were still a few thousand years away, and Jason intended to fortify the Cosmic Realm so that the Dark Ones couldn't slip their Kolvaxian soldiers inside through whatever twisted means they had originally used.

Sadly, Jason did not know the truth about the Kolvaxians, or his gaze would have landed squarely on a few specific individuals already living on Earth...

"So! Helen!" Jason said, clapping his hands loudly. "That brings me back around to you."

"To me?" Helen repeated.

Jason smiled.

"We've got a lot of work to do. Harold's alive again, and now... it seems the time has come for me to give your mind a major upgrade."

He waved his hand, causing five mystical objects to appear as holograms above the table.

"So, let's talk about giving you a MindCore." Jason said with a smile.