Part 619: Cat Mask

January 15th, 2021. 5AM. Oregon Airspace.

Cat Mask's silver-colored quad-copter zipped across the skies, invisible to the naked eye, as well as conventional RADAR, LIDAR, and other ground-based detection systems. His expression remained easygoing, but his body always had a tense alertness to it.

"So." Jason said slowly. "You're my father. You can travel through time-"

"Only backwards." Hideki Hiro clarified.

"-right, only backwards." Jason said, correcting himself. "And you can slow time down. You also have lived...?"

"A while. I don't keep track anymore. Millions of years, probably." Hideki said, shrugging. "They blend together. I don't have the luxury of being able to look at a calendar to see how long I've lived. I generally segment things into... 'eras' of my life."

"Eras?" Jason repeated.

"Yeah. I've probably explained this to you a thousand times before, but I have nothing if not infinite patience."

Hideki paused.

"I don't really remember the beginning anymore. Flashes. Bits and pieces. I have long forgotten the faces of my mother and father; your grandparents. Both of them died when I was 14, two years before I gained my ability to rewind time. Even if I go all the way back, I can't see them anymore. I still have pictures but... it's just not the same. I don't remember their voices, or anything that would make them more 'substantial' in my memory."

Jason frowned. "I'm... sorry to hear that."

"Don't be." Hideki said with a shrug. "I feel a small sense of loss, a distant nostalgia, but it's been so long that I don't really care anymore. Sometimes I'm not even sure if I count as 'human'."

He chuckled, but the laugh had no soul behind it. "So many eras came and went. I remember when I first discovered my powers, I first started using them to make a lot of money and live the high life. I wooed a lot of girls, met some... some real babes. Not that I remember any of their faces. Those same girls would be like infants to me these days. Completely unappealing."

The man looked through the glass window, his vision losing focus for a few moments.

"But... I remember your mother. My soulmate. The only woman I ever truly loved. Thinking about her always brightens my day... before turning it gloomy. The light of her smile, the beauty within her eyes... the despair I felt every time she died. It was a cruel inevitability. A 'Fate' that I could not change, even if I wanted. And I tried to save her, Jason. I tried."

"What was her name?" Jason asked.

"Olivia." Hideki said, the corners of his mouth turning up into a smile. "I told countless women about my power. They always believed me eventually, but Olivia was the only one to always believe me, no matter what circumstance I told her, or under what context. She took me at my word and never second-guessed me. She was not as physically attractive as the other women in some ways, but her pure heart was so far beyond them that they could never compare."

Jason listened silently to a story he'd never heard before, at least, not in this timeline. Clearly, his father had told him countless times before, but he had no way of knowing about those other instances.

"It was the damnedest thing." Hideki continued. "I could strike up a conversation with her for the first time under any circumstance. Under a rainy bus stop. Sitting at a nearby table in a restaurant. Even stopping her as we passed in the street. Our connection was... magnetic."

His smile faded.

"I never understood one thing, though, Jason. No matter how many other women I tried pursuing or marrying, I couldn't get any of them pregnant. That is to say, I _could_ get them pregnant, but they always miscarried. There was always some terrible complication that killed the baby, or the mother. And no matter how I tried to tweak the variables, every time Olivia and I conceived a child, it would always turn out to be you. Even if we met three years earlier or later, you would always be born at some point. She would always die during childbirth."

Jason's expression dimmed. By the sounds of it, the universe made it impossible to have ever met his mother. The fact his father had tried could not be underestimated. Jason could only imagine how many rewinds Hideki put into trying to save Olivia.

"Failures. All of them." Hideki said bitterly. "We tried IVF, implanting Olivia's eggs in a surrogate mother. I tried recreating powerful supplements from the future, drugs that would startle you with their effectiveness, and many other things. It never mattered. Olivia's pregnancy with you, provided we made love, was an inevitability. Any other woman's, with me, was always a failure. It made me realize that time travel is not as simple as I had first thought."

"You're making it sound like all of this was Fated to pass." Jason remarked.

"That's what I came to believe." Hideki admitted. "And that ultimately drove me to despair. That began a new period of my life which I formally called the Depression Era, but really was a mix of many things."

Hideki waved his hand flippantly. "I grew depressed. I wandered around, living live forty-five years at a time, rewinding when the Earth met its end, over and over. I don't know how many cycles passed. Then came an Era of Boredom. I started learning random skills just to pass the time. I tried dedicating myself to saving the planet. But I always failed. As an otherwise ordinary human, my abilities weren't capable of affecting battles between Demon Emperors and other similarly powerful entities."

"So, I continued to wander. I spoke to every person on Earth at least once. I broke into every building, uncovered as many secrets as I possibly could-"

"Wait wait, you met EVERY person on Earth??" Jason asked, bewildered. "Broke into every building? Dad, there are billions of people. How are you only millions of years old?"

"Oh, maybe it's not millions. Billions, then. Whatever." Hideki said, casually handwaving the sudden order of magnitude increase in his hypothetical age. "Point being, I came to realize I had one terrible flaw holding me back from achieving greatness. Can you guess what it was? Never mind, I'll just say it since I've already heard your guesses. Yes, it was my flawed human memory."

Hideki tapped the side of his head.

"My memory was not made for these terribly strenuous feats of mental endurance. Even if my brain had enlarged and condensed over time due to age, I was still incapable of storing _too_ many memories at once. The ones I did save were imperfect and degraded over time. That's when I realized I needed a way to keep information with me during rewinds."

Jason raised an eyebrow. "I guess keeping a pen and paper on you wouldn't really work."

"I can only bring my knowledge into the past." Hideki said, nodding. "Physical objects do not rewind with me. Not memory cards, not books, not weapons, not anything substantial from the future except for knowledge. My body will also decay if I rewind to a time before I started bodybuilding. So, I came up with a solution after speaking to Archangel Camael."

Hideki flashed a smile at Jason.

"I collected Solomon's Crown from one of humanity's possible futures, then brought it to Camael. I convinced her to melt it down, condense it, and repurpose it and Solomon into an infinite storage and processing matrix for my brain. Because of the pea-sized device's magical nature, it stays in my brain even when I rewind back to age 16. Everything I saw and learned before and after that point crystallized in my memories, giving me perfect, eidetic memory of all my different experiences. I can recall any moment in time with ease!"

Hideki chuckles. "In fact, it augmented my ability to slow down time, allowing me to think and perceive at high speeds even while time was slowed."

"From my understanding of artifacts, wouldn't that have killed Solomon's soul?" Jason asked.

"It would, and it did. But Solomon agreed to sacrifice himself if it meant empowering one of humanity's Trueborn Heroes. At the time, he knew of your existence and the truth behind our lineage, but he no longer does now. I haven't touched the current location of his Crown since that era. Camael, likewise, has no idea of my current identity. Nobody was supposed to, including you, until everything went haywire during this rewind."

Cat Mask's quadcopter hummed quietly as it buzzed to the east, exiting Oregon's border and heading deep into the heart of Idaho, somewhere inside Boise National Forest. This forest was rugged, with countless hills, trees that varied between extremely sparse and barren versus hyper-dense thickets concealing the ground beneath, and everything in between.

The two men passed over winding rivers and lakes, and Jason occasionally looked out at the beauty of nature, feeling in his heart that Earth was much too precious to allow enemies in the future to destroy it.

"I don't get it." Jason said. "Something changed, then?"

"Something big. I'm still not sure what. In fact, the last twelve years have been insane. I've seen Heroic Aura blips appearing all over the Earth. I thought it was you, but every time I drew close to the expected location of one, it disappeared. Whoever it is, he's been evading me with frightening accuracy. None of my stealth measures have fooled him."

"So it's not me and it's not you." Jason said slowly. "How did you become a Trueborn, anyway?"

"We'll save that conversation for after we touch down." Hideki said. "It'll all make sense soon enough."

Jason fell silent for a time.

"What about the Volgrim? Who are they?"

"Aliens." Hideki replied, his expression turning grim. "Ancient aliens who have infiltrated all of Earth's strategic locations. They live among us, look like us, and act like us. But they are not human. The ones we regularly come into contact with are the weakest members of their five species, the Changelings. The others are far more violent, and will someday rain devastation upon our planet in a manner you simply wouldn't believe if you didn't see it with your own eyes."

Jason's eyes flashed with insight. "Aliens? You've got to be kidding me. Somehow, I'm not surprised. Oh! Dad, dad, do you know what my power is? The Illuminati tried to figure it out, but we didn't have any success."

Hideki paused.

"Welll... I do. But it's weird. The Illuminati believed you were a 'seer'. According to the footage I saw, you are also a master of physical combat. This doesn't track with all the times you and I have spent together. In fact, you were always terrible at fighting. Clumsy, constantly tripping over your own feet, and downright unmotivated. I don't know what changed so abruptly, but it's given me a lot to think about."

With a shrug, Hideki continued. "Anyway... your power isn't all that amazing. It's downright weak. We're about to touch down in a minute. I'll show you once we're not at risk of you sending us falling out of the sky."

Jason blinked. _My power is weak? But that can't be right. Why am I so good with weapons? Am I not a seer after all?_

The copter descended toward a seemingly ordinary mountaintop covered in a thick overgrowth of trees. To Jason's horror, the ship drew closer and closer, until they started flying directly at the side of the mountain.

"Dad- DAD! Wait, wait STOP! AHHH!!"

"Such a drama queen, every time." Hideki teased, as they crashed- no, _flew_ directly into the tree cover and passed through an invisible barrier. To Jason's relief, the trees and side of the mountain disappeared, revealing a hidden entryway leading deeper into the mountain, as well as, confusingly enough, a seemingly random cabin near the tree-line.

The copter swiftly slowed down, turned around, and gently landed on a small designated helipad next to the cabin. Jason glanced out at the structure, made from cleanly cut logs by a professional crew, and admired its simple appearance.

"This is where you live?" Jason asked, while simultaneously glancing behind himself at a giant steel door embedded on the side of the mountain. "Or in there?"

"Both. I live in a lot of places." Hideki said, before smiling. "I'm... extremely wealthy."

"You are?"

"Well yes. I already told you before that my power allowed me to make a lot of money. As it happens, I own most of the land on Earth, to differing degrees and through various shell companies. Actually consolidating it all and turning it into liquid cash isn't so easy, but I can always turn in favors to get more land or sell land I don't want."

"Just... how rich are you, exactly?" Jason asked.

"Oh, I'm the richest man on Earth, across all of history. I have no competitors." Hideki said, before his smile slipped. "Jason, I know what you're thinking. You're wondering why, if your father was so rich, I would just abandon you to foster care like a deadbeat. Well, there are... countless extenuating circumstances. I'm happy to explain everything, but it will take a while."

The quadcopter's door swished open, and Jason jumped out, followed by his father.

Hideki cracked his neck. "God, a few dozen years sitting in that seat kills my back every time."

"A few dozen years??" Jason asked in bewilderment. "But... we barely flew for an hour."

"I rewound a bunch of times during the trip." Hideki explained. "We kept getting shot down by missiles, pursued by the Air Force, and I even accidentally drew the attention of a Demon Duke once or twice. Those were the most dangerous moments. Luckily, I found a safe path back, like I always do."

Jason frowned. "Were things really that dangerous? Holy shit. You live a life I can't even fathom."

Hideki started walking toward the cabin. Jason followed after him.

"Like I said. I'm extremely patient. I can explain topics a thousand times without getting bored. It's practically one of my superpowers by now. The number of times I've answered any of your questions is mind-boggling. I'm used to it though, so don't worry."

Hideki nodded away from the mountain, toward the valley below. "The Demon Emperors know I exist, even if they don't know my identity in this timeline. They consider me somewhat dangerous, but don't know I'm a Trueborn Hero. I've been very careful about that. They always have a Demon Baron or Duke somewhere within twenty miles of major civilization points, both to keep an eye on humanity, and to look out for high value individuals like me. It's not surprising they may have narrowed down this hideout's location, but they won't find it unless I majorly slip-up. Of course, if I _do_ slip-up, I'll just undo the damage, so it's not a big deal anyway."

Jason scratched his head. He couldn't really argue with his father's logic. If any major error ever popped up, Hideki could just rewind time and undo the mistake.

It was unbeatable, at least in Jason's eyes.

"Say, how do you prevent yourself from dying?" Jason asked, as the cabin drew nearer. "What if someone assassinates you from behind?"

"Time automatically freezes the moment my life is in grave danger." Hideki explained solemnly. "I cannot die if I don't want to. The only time my life was ever in danger was when Camael put me into a coma to install Solomon's condensed Crown-chip, and the time I fought... _him._"

"Him?" Jason asked.

Hideki stopped walking. He looked at Jason for a moment, then shook his head.

"Gressil. The Emperor of Chaos. The most dangerous demon in existence. He has the unique ability to nullify magical powers, including my rewinding powers. When we fought... he came within a hair's breadth of killing me, but then he stopped, laughed, and walked away. He let me live, and I never found out why."

"Holy... he sounds scary." Jason muttered. "Hope I never encounter him."

Hideki pursed his lips. He looked at Jason as if he wanted to say something, but instead hesitated for a long couple of moments.

"I tried to join you, Jason. In the future, I mean. I tried to freeze myself in a cryopod. But Gressil found me. That's the reason we 'fought'. He ripped me out and threw me to the ground, leaving me utterly defenseless. All my martial ability meant nothing when I was shivering and barely lucid from cryo-sickness. Under the suppression of his magic canceling aura, I was completely helpless. He could have snuffed me out. Instead he gave me a command. _Go back or die._ I chose to go back. I never encountered him again."

"That's why... my greatest fear was that he would find you, son." Hideki muttered, looking at the ground. "I had no way of knowing if he would, or could. I built Cryotek myself. I staffed it with trustworthy loyalists and made preparations to hide you under a colleague's protection. But in the end, I had no way of knowing if I had properly hidden you. It ate at me, right up until what was supposed to be my final rewind..."

Hideki continued walking. He and Jason finally arrived at the log cabin not far from the helipad. Jason looked around and nearly jumped out of his skin! He was surprised to see a massive grizzly bear sleeping on the ground not ten feet from the path leading to the front door's entry steps. Squirrels sat on the trees overhead, looking down at him curiously. There were even a handful of cats running around, glancing at him and Hideki with disinterested eyes. 

_Typical cats,_ Jason thought.

He nudged his father. "Is-"

"That's Greg. Don't mind him. He's a teddy bear." Hideki said, gesturing to the intimidating grizzly bear. "And I don't mean in the way white suburban moms talk about _pitbulls_. I mean he's literally super nice and loves head scratches. Do be polite and ask permission first, though, with all the animals. It's not kind to get in someone's personal space and pop their bubble. Everyone here is fiercely individualistic for the most part."

Jason raised an eyebrow at Cat Mask's odd phrasing. The two of them continued up to the front door, and Hideki pushed it open.

Inside, a strange assortment of animal smells and odors assaulted Jason's nostrils. He visibly cringed, though at least he noticed there wasn't any odor of pee or poop. Apparently, someone cleaned up after the animals inside well enough.

The front door opened up into a large living room with modern lights hanging on the walls, bathing the interior in warm orange glow. There were some old but well-maintained brown fabric couches in the center of the living room facing an old television screen. The couches, and several accompanying easy chairs, all hosted a variety of animals lounging around lazily. Some of them perked up when Hideki entered, including a rather large black Labrador with insanely long and woolly hair hanging off his body.

"Oh! Friend. New friend. Hello friend." Someone said, making Jason look around in confusion. He didn't see any people in the house, but what he did see was that same giant black lab looking at him, its mouth slightly open. "Hello, friend. What your name?"

Jason's eyes widened like never before. "What the- you- the dog... talks??"

"Uh huh!" The dog said. "Hi!! I Peppy. Nice meet you friend!"

Peppy jumped off his chair and strode over to Jason, then sniffed his hand.

"Oh. Good smell. Nice smell. Clean human. Hi friend!"

Jason looked at his father in bewilderment.

"Right. The animals here talk." Hideki said, as he strode deeper into the house. "I'm feeling a bit hungry. Stay here and introduce yourself to everyone. I'll be back in a minute or two. Or a thousand. Whatever seems realistic from your perspective."

He vanished, heading into what Jason guessed was the kitchen, and at that moment, the living room exploded into voices.

"Whoa! Guys, it's him! It's Hideki's kid!"

"It's little Jason? No way! He's all grown up now!"

"Never saw him in person. He looks nice."

"CAWW!!! Well, I think his face is too small. TOO SMALL! CAWWW!!!"

"Haha, he seems scared. Why don't we all calm down a bit and say hello to him one at a time?"

Jason swiveled his head around. There were birds, lizards, cats, dogs, all kinds of animals that should have been predator and prey, but each and every one of them looked at him with eyes full of intelligence.

He realized that meant the other ones outside could likely also speak, including the giant bear. No wonder his father phrased his introduction to these animals as if they were humans.

"So everyone here can talk?" Jason asked. "Wait, can ALL animals talk? Have I been missing an important Truth about this world the whole time?"

A beautiful white persian cat walked over the the edge of the nearest couch and sat down. He looked at Jason and slowly blinked his eyes. Jason found the little blue bow on the cat's head to be extraordinarily cute.

"Not all animals can speak. Only ones touched by our Father. However, all animals are capable of complex thought. Unfortunately, due to the suppression of intelligence caused by humanity, much of those gains were siphoned away by your species. Ah, where are my manners? My name is Sebastian. I am one of the Five Great Ones in this house."

"Hi, Sebastian." Jason said slowly, looking at the cat in disbelief. 

After a few moments, he managed to get over his initial weirded-out state of mind. So what if animals could talk? It really wasn't anything surprising at this point, considering humanity was apparently in the middle of a war between demons, angels, monsters, and aliens. Talking animals were pretty much normal by comparison.

"Well, everyone, I'm Jason Hiro. Hideki's son, though it seems you already know me. Have we met before?"

"Theodor met you, a long time ago, when you were but an infant." Sebastian said. "Theodor was the first to be Uplifted. He is older than all of us, and has been following the Father for many decades now. He may be of advanced age, but he is quite spry."

Sebastian paused. "By the way, you have my permission to 'give scritches'. We house-dwellers don't usually mind, and will even enjoy it, provided your technique is satisfactory."

A calico cat with multi-colored fur nearby yawned. "Yeah! We love when a slav- I mean, an inferior huma- I mean, a _really nice guy_ with good hygiene gives us scritches. It's the best!"

"CAWWW!!!" A crow sitting atop a perch high up on the wall practically screamed. "Well don't go putting your grubby mitts on ME!! I don't LIKE being touched, brat. Got it??"

Jason grimaced. "I wouldn't dream of it. If anyone here wants pets, or doesn't, just let me know. I'm all about consent."

Peppy the black lab suddenly shoved his nose into Jason's crotch and gave it a deep sniff, unnerving Jason. While it was normal dog behavior, it felt _extremely_ weird, given Peppy was clearly a sentient creature capable of speaking normally. "Wow! Good smell! Good smell! I like!"

Peppy's tail began wagging happily, while Jason carefully pushed the aggressively friendly dog's face away. "Ahh, consent, Peppy. Consent. Remember? That was... a little weird."

Over the next few minutes, several other animals introduced themselves. Jealous the Rooster, a giant Doberman named Killer who spoke with a gruff Russian accent, and even a parrot who spoke in a sophisticated manner named Edward Thaddicus Riveiera III. Jason found that particular parrot to be rather weird.

As he made his way deeper into the living room and introduced himself to each of the house's many residents one by one, Jason glanced at the giant TV in the center. It was a surprisingly old television, especially given his father's penchant for technology he had built using knowledge from the future. The television barely had a 14 inch screen, its image was purely in black and white, and yet the screen rested inside a massive mahogany entertainment center-sized frame! Why it needed so much space to project such a tiny screen, Jason had no idea why.

As he looked at it, he noticed the program that was visible on the screen was rather bizarre. It was just a TV show of an old man sitting in a rocking chair, out cold, snoring loudly. He was inside some old fashioned house Jason couldn't recognize, and it didn't appear like any classical show Jason had ever seen.

"The heck?" Jason muttered, as he reached for the dials on the side of the TV.

Jason turned and clicked a few of the dials, but nothing changed. The TV seemed to be defective.

All of a sudden, the old man in the TV woke up with a loud snort.

"Huh- hey! HEY! Who's fiddlin with mah knobs! I told you not to- eh? It's some kid?! You damned brat! Who told you it was okay to fiddle with my TV, eh, boy?! Didn't yer got-damn parents teach you any manners??"

Jason took a step away from the TV, looking at the old man in surprise. "What the- you're a person? You're trapped in the TV?"

"Trapped? The hell you mean, 'trapped'?" The old man exclaimed. "I'm jus' tryina take a nap, you little brat! Can't you let an old man nap in peace! Killer, get 'im!"

Jason's heart went cold as the giant Doberman from before stood up and walked over to the TV.

"Father. This boy is Cat Mask's son. He is good boy. Little bit stupid, da. Don't mind him. He meant no offense."

"Father?" Jason repeated, putting an important puzzle piece together. He looked around the room at the animals. "Wait, so, this guy, he's... your 'Father'?"

"Da. Apologies." Killer said, yawning lazily. "Should have explained before. Everyone here too excited to meet new friend. We not see many humans around here. Did not realize you would touch Father's telly-veezion without permission."

Sebastian snickered. "Well, actually, I just wanted to see Father yell at him. I'd have said something sooner, but the opportunity was too funny to pass up."

"CAWWW!!! Tell him off, Father! Stupid ugly boy! CAWWW!!! Don't like him at ALL!!"

Several other animals nodded their heads and snickered, making Jason's expression fall.

These silly animals were all a bunch of pranksters!

"Well dammit, don't be lettin' random kids touch mah damn dials, people!" The old man exclaimed. "Gonna go back to sleep now. Sheesh!"

He rolled over in his chair and mumbled some other things before quickly passing out again. It barely took ten seconds before his snoring became audible once more.

"So..." Jason said slowly. "Who's the old- I mean, who is your 'Father'? Why is he... trapped inside a TV?"

Sebastian's smile disappeared. The cat let out an eerily human sigh.

"Our Father was a great man once. He walked the Earth with his head held high. He fought in the Great Wars. After he died, he became trapped inside the object he coveted most."

"Our Father's name is Harold Whittaker."

"He was humanity's last Trueborn Hero."