Part 657: Operation Birdcage

_January 27th, 2021, Earth, USA._

A tiny dot of light streaked across the United States of America from the west coast to the east coast. It moved in singular bursts of straight lines with momentary pauses between each movement, and each flicker of movement itself occurred at the speed of light. This dot of light sent bursts of lightning scattering in all directions at the start of its movement, and at the end.

After traveling the length of the USA, it then spun around and raced back the other direction. Despite its brilliant light and shocking movement speed, it barely drew any attention. Satellites were not able to keep up with it, and ground-based radar only noticed a flicker of energy before that flicker instantly disappeared.

As it returned to the west coast from whence it started, it charged toward the base of Mount Whitney in California, the tallest mountain in the USA outside of Alaska. In the blink of an eye, it snapped up to the peak and exploded with energy, obliterating a small group of humans that had recently climbed to the mountaintop a few hours before, annihilating them before they could register what happened.

This 'blip' of lightning turned out to be none other than Emperor Ose. She breathed evenly and looked around the world in a 360-degree radius, hardly noticing and definitely not caring that her arrival had blasted apart a handful of men and women who had just scaled the peak for fun. Their deaths meant nothing to her.

Ose wrinkled her nose at the blood and gore that now stained Whitney's peak, then focused her eyes to the northwest. Her body fired off across the sky and she traveled more than two hundred kilometers in the blink of an eye, arriving back at Crescent City, CA, where her home base was located.

Ose struck the ground outside the city limits and skidded to a stop, electrical energy crackling around her. She adjusted her neck, dusted off her white dress suit, and stood up a little straighter.

_It seems my ascension to Emperor has not enhanced my maximum speed at all. I am firmly locked to instantaneous bursts of lightspeed._ Ose thought to herself. _I cannot turn when transmitting myself, and I can only move in straight lines. However, my tolerance for rapid-transmissions has increased greatly. I can chain bursts with ninety percent less downtime than when I was a Baron._

Ose looked around. She found a random cliff-face nearby, then zipped over to it with a flicker of lightning.

On arrival, she assumed a fighting posture. Then she began throwing kicks and punches as quickly as possible at the cliff-face.

_Boom-boom-boom!_

She held back much of her Emperor-level strength, not wanting to obliterate the mountain, but even so, her speed was fast enough to leave after-images. She struck the mountain ten times every second, her fists and legs leaving massive imprints on the cliff's bare wall.

After a full minute of unrelenting offense, she stopped and assessed the damage.

_My striking power is roughly 100 times greater than when I was a Baron. Before, I could pick up and throw a small vehicle with a bit of strain, but now I can lift one of the humans' heaviest tanks with contemptuous ease and throw it multiple miles into the distance. My striking speed is faster, but only because my inner strength has been enhanced. I can finally keep up with the strain my lightning powers put on my body._

Ose turned away from the cliffside. She started running as quickly as she could, charging into the distance without actually flickering her body around at the speed of light.

Before long, she found an empty back road with only dirt and no cars on it. Using this as a makeshift race track, she accelerated to her fastest possible speed. Her feet lightly tapped the ground, leaving no imprints, and she pitter-pattered across the dirt while only causing the sound of buzzing insects to emanate outward.

_That's it? Only about 200 miles (321 KPH) per hour?_ Ose thought, frowning to herself. Her ordinary running speed was fast, but nowhere near as fast as her instantaneous flickers.

Ose reached the end of the dirt road, spun on her toes, then rushed back the same way she came. This time, she deliberately struck the ground with her feet as hard as she could. This caused rapid explosive sounds to blast outward, which startled all the local wildlife and increased her speed by another fifty percent. She realized that if she opted to go loud and intimidating instead of somewhat stealthy, she could increase her running speed by another level!

Ose skidded to a stop at the top of the dirt road. She turned to look behind herself at the massive potholes she had left in her wake. Unfortunately, any humans who encountered this road in the future would be left bewildered by the state it was in, wondering if Bigfoot had stomped through here recently.

_If I want to traverse great distances, my instantaneous flickers are still the best. But if I want relatively fast speeds along with maneuverability, my top speed without flicker-movement is pitifully low._

Ose mentally chastised herself, but if any other demons were to hear her inner thoughts, their heads might explode in rage! Even Belial, who was quite fast when she sprinted, could only top out at 100 miles per hour, less than half Ose's speed. Almost all the other demons were slower than that.

After thinking for a bit, Ose flickered away and traveled into a nearby forest. She disappeared into its greenery, sliced at a tree with the side of her hand, and felled it to make a perfectly flat stump. She sat down in the lotus position with her legs crossed, then closed her eyes and began to think.

_My body's fault tolerance capabilities have shot way up. My striking strength is higher than ever. I can maneuver and fight in the big leagues now. Perhaps if I fight that Archseer again, I can quickly kill him. However, one must never underestimate a Trueborn. He won't fool me so easily._

_My biggest problem is that even though I can speed up and slow down my perception of time, I cannot be both fast and slow at the same time. This is a critical vulnerability I must immediately ameliorate! If my perception speed is fast, I can sense danger but cannot converse normally with other Sentients. But if it is slow, I cannot sense danger and incoming sneak attacks. It would be most pitiful if that Cat Mask managed to assassinate me with a well-timed sniper round! Hmm. Is it possible to achieve both at the same time? Can I somehow become both fast and slow?_

_Of course I can! This is a matter most simple to execute._

Ose focused her mental energies. After less than a minute, her Mind Realm began to distort. Then... it split in two!

Two halves, each one equally Ose, became capable of perceiving the world. They quickly entered internal dialogue with one another.

[I shall be the Primary.]

[I shall be the Secondary.]

[Secondary, how should we split control of the Main Body?]

[Perhaps as Primary you should always be in control. I should only take control when I detect a threat.]

A few minutes passed.

[This arrangement will not work, Secondary. If I am controlling the Main Body, you are not. You cannot control the eyes or limbs.]

[Noted. It seems rapidly switching control is not possible either. I attempted to switch with you but failed. My perception is currently set to 1000x realtime speed, but because yours is set to 1x realtime speed, I am forced to slow down to your level when attempting the Main Body control transfer.]

[This is inefficient. If we come under threat, even a single second is more time than we can afford to swap control, Secondary.]

[Agreed. Let us think of another solution.]

This time, a full five minutes passed. Both halves of Ose's brain accelerated their perception of time to the absolute maximum speed, a full 1,000,000x realtime speed. For each second that passed in reality, a million passed inside her Mind Realm. Thus, five million minutes, or approximately ten years, passed inside her Mind Realm. They constantly discussed many different solutions. But eventually, they settled on one.

[Archangel Michael is indeed a good example of this theory in practice. Very well. Secondary, you will assume total control of the right arm, and partial control of the waist. As Primary, I will control the rest of the body and rely on you for momentary instantaneous defense before swapping total control during a battle scenario.]

[I have another idea, Primary. Since we have already split once, why not split again?]

[Again? To what end?]

[We should create a Tertiary to focus on cerebral pursuits. Tertiary will not control any part of the body, but will instead focus on research and development.]

[I see. So I will control the main body for ordinary conversations and world perception, you will focus on defense against sneak attacks, and Tertiary will focus on R&D. This is a sensible choice. We shall test it now.]

Another minute passed. Ose's Mind Realm vibrated rapidly, and a slow, tentative split occurred.

[My designation is Tertiary.]

[This second Mind Realm split was extremely painful, Secondary. This should be the limit of our splitting.]

[Agreed, Primary. Additionally, my mental perception has slowed dramatically. It seems the three of us share our perception speeds when we are not synchronized equally. It is not possible for myself and Tertiary to both possess high level mental acceleration while Primary is at a lower dilation. We must split the acceleration unevenly.]

[I have a suggestion.] Tertiary said. [I will exist in a state of 10,000x normalspeed. Secondary will only operate at 100x normalspeed. Primary will exist at 2x Normalspeed.]

[2x? Why not 1x?] Primary asked.

[2x Normalspeed is still sufficient for conversing with other Sentients, it does not slow down time to a disagreeable level, and it allows the Main Body to still react twice as quickly as usual. This is an excellent balance between the three Selves.] Tertiary said.

[I agree.] Secondary responded. [I could operate at 1000x Normalspeed, but the difference between 100x and 1000x is relatively minor. Tertiary needs all the speed for R&D that she can acquire. This new system strikes a delicate balance.]

[Noted.] Primary replied. [It seems any further splits are impossible or will provide no real value.We will exist in a tri-brained state.]

[We must also consider the different 'states' of our intelligence.] Secondary mentioned. [We only have so much bandwidth available. Primary, you will focus on charisma and conversation-driven intelligence. Tertiary, you will focus on abstract and high-level thinking. As for myself, I will focus on combat sense and threat detection.]

[Agreed.] Primary said.

[Agreed.] Tertiary said.

[We are all in agreement.] Secondary said. [For now, this is how things shall be done. Perhaps we may adjust the ratios and cerebral states later.]

In less than thirty minutes, Ose underwent a fundamental change in abilities that nobody in the galaxy could have predicted. Even Jason had no idea she had completely reinvented herself.

Jason was completely oblivious to the new Threat he had awakened. The Ose he fought in the future was a very different Ose from the one during humanity's peak. Her much older self had lived for over 100,000 years, triumphed against humanity during the Energy Wars, and accomplished many great feats long after humanity's fall. When she became Emperor, it was at a time when demonkind ruled over humanity's last remnants, and she naturally suffered from a huge ego, thinking that defeating the humans and their barely worthy Hero would be a simple matter. Ultimately, it was her arrogance and ego that led to her undoing.

But the Ose of the past was not the same as her older self. She was used to fighting against a powerful humanity that possessed a vast military force. The angels and Titans were still alive. Threats to demonkind's future lurked in abundance. She was thus forced to act with greater caution and shrewdness. She immediately realized that facing against not one but multiple Heroes was a far more difficult challenge than facing 'only' Jason Hiro in the future. Even if the Archseer was young and stupid, it was abundantly clear that Cat Mask was a major threat, let alone the supporting capabilities of all the other Ancestral Spirits.

The moment Ose finished her new preparations, she jumped to her feet and looked around. The world around her now moved at half its normal speed, at least according to the perception of her Primary Brain. Her Secondary Brain now controlled her right arm, and its perception slowed reality down to 1% of its normal speed. Her Tertiary Brain could not perceive the world at all, but it slowed time down to 0.001% of normal speed. Each minute that passed in reality was 10,000 minutes inside her Tertiary Brain.

From this moment on, Ose would be operating at a level far above what the humans were expecting.

_It's a shame I can't just magic things into reality._ Ose thought to herself glumly. _Even if I design new weapons constantly, I'll still have to fabricate them by hand. That's another inefficiency I'll have to work out later._

She looked up into the sky, and her body became a blur of light as she shot into the horizon.

---

_January 27th, 2021, New York City._

Satan stood in his office, looking out the windows at the distant Central Park. He clasped his hands behind his back as he thought about a great many things.

[The new girl is quite interesting.] A voice said within his head. [Verily, she hath awakened my interest.]

"Yeah. She ain't bad." Satan replied. "To think she's already noticed so many things... if she's right, we've got a real problem on our hands."

Satan's Vectors manipulated a cigar, lifting and lighting it before placing it in his mouth. Satan took a long drag, and his eyes fogged over for a moment.

"We need to accelerate the timeline. Keep these humans guessing." Satan said slowly.

[Is it finally time for Operation Birdcage?]

"Hehe. It might be, _Hades_."

Hades, formerly known as Archangel Samael, lurked within Satan's Mind Realm. Unlike all Satan's other souls, he was able to operate with impunity, working alongside the Devil to advance their collective interests of overthrowing and someday slaughtering all the angels.

Nobody hated the angels more than Hades. Their ancient betrayal of his beloved sisters, Muriel and Cassiel, had long ago fallen into a distant memory, but its pain had never lessened.

And of all the angels, the one he hated most was undoubtedly Raphael.

[We cannot construct the new Hell until we hath obtained Valac's Lantern.] Hades pointed out. [Brother Satan, tis' unwise to allow any further delays. Each day that passes, more humans join the Lazarite's ranks.]

Satan snorted. "Lazarites? They ain't shit. They're nothing more than meatshields. I can kill a thousand of them with a wave of my hand."

[I fear thou mayest be underestimating them.] Hades said, a hint of warning in his tone. [Dost thou thinketh Raphael a simpleton? There may yet be a secret power they have yet to reveal.]

Satan didn't take his warning to heart. "Secret power? You're paranoid. Demon Lords stomp the life out of Lazarites. We've seen it time and again. Lazarites are barely above the average Demon Grunt, and are definitely weaker than our strongest Grunts. We ain't got anything to fear."

[I hope the reality art as thou believeth.] Hades said, withdrawing his thoughts afterward.

Several minutes passed. Satan glanced around his office, frowning as he thought about the 'bugs' Ose had told him about. Had more cropped up after she swept it clean? He wasn't certain. He definitely didn't trust that the office was secure anymore, but he'd spent so many years living here that it felt uncomfortable thinking about leaving and going elsewhere just to have a private discussion.

Satan tapped into one of his powers, a Warper soul inside his body. He summoned a portal, then stepped through it and arrived elsewhere in the United States, somewhere in the midwest, deep underground. There, a small horde of demons jumped when they saw his unexpected arrival.

Satan closed the portal behind himself. He looked around at the demons present, which consisted mainly of undead Grunts, Lords, and even a Baron or two. One still-living demon levitated toward him, the demon's skinless head covered by a cloak.

"Emperor Satan. This is an unexpected surprise."

"Baron Ozzar." Satan said perfunctorily. "Is Mephisto around?"

"The Duke of Mist is currently dealing with a minor matter. I will summon him for you, First Emperor." Ozzar said, bowing his head. Green smoke burped from his mouth as he quickly turned and floated away.

A few minutes later, Ozzar returned with Mephisto, though the Duke of Mist took the lead.

"Sssatan. Hasss sssomething happened?" Mephisto hissed, his bloody red eyes shining out of his skull sockets.

"Did anyone tell you about the Trueborns that popped up?" Satan asked.

Mephisto nodded slightly, but his next words somewhat contradicted that action. "I have heard a little regarding their appearancesss. The detailsss, however, have eluded me."

"I'll make it short and sweet then." Satan said. "We're dealing with two Trueborn for the first time in history. A father and son. The father's name is unknown, but he goes by the moniker 'Cat Mask.' The son's name is Jason Hiro, but he calls himself the Archseer. Based on recovered recon info and Emperor Ose's efforts, we have a pretty good idea of what their powers are."

"Emperor Ossse?" Mephisto asked, cocking his head. "I do not recognizzze that name."

"Remember Lucy's girl, Ose? Baron Ose?" Satan asked, while Mephisto nodded his head. "She did me a big favor, so I promoted her to Emperor. She has lightning and technology powers. Some other stuff. Pretty strong. Anyway, she fought both Trueborn while she was only a Baron and kicked their asses. Couldn't kill 'em, but she gave us a lot of intel."

He continued. "Cat Mask seems to have some sort of super-reaction powers, along with teleportation, enhanced strength, and durability. Right now, we think the latter two aren't actually his. A different Hero must have boosted him somehow. He also has a crazy strong gun that shoots bullets even Lilia couldn't tank. He singlehandedly took down Lucy, so he's a big threat."

"Then we've got his son, the Archseer. Jason seems less imposing, but never take a Trueborn lightly. Recovered intel says his power is called 'Dream Eating'. He can see into the future like a precog, he has advanced weapon training, and he's just as strong and durable as his dad. Once again, those last two are likely abilities given by one of the Ancestral Spirits."

"Two Trueborn... thisss isss a troublesssome development." Mephisto said uneasily. "Doesss thisss mean you're here to...?"

"Yeah. It's time." Satan said. "I know we were planning on waiting five or ten more years, but perfect is the enemy of good enough. Operation Birdcage has to happen sooner rather than later."

Mephisto didn't say anything for a few moments. He rubbed his skeletal hands together, making a discomforting grinding noises when bone scraped against bone.

"Troublesssome. Very, very troublesssome." Mephisto repeated twice. "Sssatan, the preparationsss are not complete. Our agentsss are not ready. There isss a twenty-five percccent chance of failure if we act now."

"It might not be that high." Satan said, rubbing his chin. "I'm gonna fill Ose in on the deets. I want you ready to act within three days. Our deadline is the 30th. Got it?"

Mephisto threw up his hands. "You are the bosss. I do asss you command."

"Good. I'm gonna rope a couple extra Emperors in. If we don't have the quantity, we'll make up for it with quality. As long as you can slip into the Tower, the mission is as good as complete."

That seemed to settle Mephisto's nerves. He relaxed a little and nodded deeply.

"We will be ready within three daysss."

Satan nodded back. He opened a portal back to his office, then stepped through.

After the portal closed, Satan donned his human form, then stepped out where his secretaries were. Belial was not among them.

"I'm gonna be taking a business trip for the next week. Clear my calendar."

"Yes, Mister Hercule."