Part 326: The Galactic Threat

_Somewhere deep within Hell, inside a forgotten alcove near the edges of the slowly-expanding labyrinthian space..._

Uriel, now fully reverted back to Barbatos's body, lays inside a glowing pool of liquid mana, a pool she used several times when battling the Demon Emperors to rejuvenate and heal her body after suffering devastating injuries. This specially-created liquid mana slowly enters her body and drains away, allowing her to regenerate herself back to an optimal state.

The Archangel of Retribution lays still, gazing at the ceiling above.

"We failed." She states, her tone emotionless and dull.

"Nay, sister," Raphael says, his construct-body sitting a short distance away on a nearby rock. "We did not. We partially succeeded. We killed several Emperors. We uncovered the power of the so-called 'Demon Deity'... and now we've learned that the status of the 'First Emperor' is not as nebulous as we once thought."

Raphael holds a glowing orb in his hands, a temporal crystal capable of scrying distant locations. He replays the hazy images of a figure cloaked in shadow, an entity whose very existence threatens to erase itself from his memory whenever he looks away.

"Not only that," Raphael continues, "But we have also learned of an enemy the Volgrim are battling in secret. A 'Plague,' as it seems. What, I wonder, might this Plague be, hmm?"

Raphael reflects not only on the intelligence Confessor Vulpanix unwittingly gave to him, but the conversation he observed shortly after the three Archangel's left, between the First Emperor, Vulpanix, and Ose.

"This 'plague' does not appear to be an ordinary disease," Michael remarks. "One cannot 'fight' a disease. Rather, the term appears to be code for an enemy that has appeared in normal space. Perhaps the Volgrim refer to their enemy as a Plague in order to, how would the humans say it? _Dehumanize_ their opponents."

"Nay..." Raphael murmurs. "I do not believe this to be the case. Not fully, I should clarify. This enemy is, almost certainly, a genuine plague. The First Emperor stated that the Plague spreads and infects worlds. Such direct terms do not imply a metaphor, but an existential threat. This may explain why the Volgrim have remained quiet for so long, seemingly ignoring the happenings within the Labyrinth. They have greater concerns occupying their thoughts."

Uriel clears her throat.

"Ahem. Brother Raphael... might we leverage this knowledge to our advantage?"

"Perhaps, and perhaps not," Raphael says vaguely. "We have exhausted our souls and run our wells of power bone-dry. It shalt take a significant amount of time for thy demon body to regenerate its mana and become capable of sustaining another Cherubiim transformation. Verily, our best course of action art now to speak to the Wordsmith. 'Tis time for us to entrust the future to him."

"The Wordsmith is weak." Uriel moans. "He is only a boy."

"Nay, thou hath not lived with him in as intimate a manner as Michael and I," Raphael counters. "Joan of Arc was merely a child when she began her conquests. King Arthur was still a boy when Camael granted him Excalibur. Age is not a metric one should use to judge Heroes. Jason is ready. He has finally suffered enough to evolve his thinking. He is not the same fool from a month ago."

"What he has lost and whether his mindset has changed matter little," Uriel counters, closing her eyes. "He is lazy. He always seeks out the easy solutions to complex problems. How can such an irresponsible brat save humanity? Hath thou already forgotten what happened with Dracula?"

Raphael's eyes lower. "Nay. I have not."

"Thou should do well to remember his error. Dracula single-handedly uplifted the Hell of Blood to its monstrous status. He gave the forces of Hell a handhold when before they lacked the reach necessary to extend their fangs. While he proved ultimately sympathetic to demonkind's cause and the Wordsmith does not, Jason could still unwittingly grant his enemies a boon."

Raphael frowns. He says nothing for several long moments, and his frown deepens further.

"Indeed. There was that... one matter."

"What matter?" Uriel asks, sitting up.

"The boy had a clever, but frightening idea. What if, through the use of his Wordsmithing, he could uplift demons through the ranks without consuming human souls? He envisioned a utopian system wherein humans and demons might work together to empower one another. But what if the demons were to seize this power for themselves? They would explode in growth exponentially faster. Verily, they might ascend past the heights of the so-called Demon Deity and reach limits we never thought possible!"

Michael nods. "He spoke of this plan to Emperor Ose. Our sister was not there to see the discussion, but I remember it well. Now that Ose has obtained a power rivaling the Cherubiim, she has become dramatically more frightening for her enemies to face. If we cannot defeat her, how might the Wordsmith? No doubt, she mayeth recall that discussion and plot to obtain the technology if he creates it."

Uriel grunts. "Hmm. Thou implyeth the Wordsmith art inferior to our strength, but I do not readily believe that is the case. His skills art... utilitarian. Much like Camael's. He can craft weapons and items capable of countering specific enemies. He need only sit down and ponder deeply upon his opponents' weaknesses."

"In that case," Raphael says, "we mustn't delay. The sooner we give news to the Wordsmith of our movements, the sooner he can begin preparations for Ose's counter-attack. She shalt require some time to gather her armies, locate and enumerate the fallen, and march on Tarus II."

Uriel sighs.

"'Tis unfortunate the Cherubiim could not save our people during the Energy Wars. Surely, t'would have allowed us the final push necessary to slaughter demonkind."

"Without thy demon body, the Cherubiim's ascension is impossible." Raphael laments. "Camael, Uzziel, Gabriel, and myself all lacked the soul-power and mana necessary to complete an ascension. As well, I was leery of bringing back their lost memories, especially Uzziel's. I only agreed to activate the transformation with thyself and Michael out of necessity."

Uriel and Michael both share a knowing look with one another. Having finally recalled all of their memories from before Raphael's mind-wipes, they have also remembered all of their ancient sins.

"We treated Cassiel, Muriel, and Samael terribly..." Uriel murmurs. "What I wouldn't give to apologize to my siblings."

"Verily, I am a terrible sinner." Michael adds.

A few minutes later, Uriel stands up, summons a portal, and steps through, traveling back to Tarus II.

---

The VLL Hatoraxia, one of the ships which faced the Wordsmith in battle just a week prior, slowly enters the atmosphere of the Volgrim capitol world, Volgarius. The ship, which belongs to Clan Oblong, sports a thick and bulky rear-mounted Bridge, with two heavy weapon mounts pointing directly forward. As a Technopath clan focused on utility over looks, their ships feature heavy weaponry and versatile engines, while also relying on efficient but ugly squarish-designs intended to maximize performance and keep costs low.

Among the hundreds of large and small Technopath clans, Clan Oblong is one of the larger ones, with roots dating back millions of orbital cycles. The many diverse Technopath clans once sparred regularly in philosophic debates regarding what types of technological designs were superior, but over the last few tens of thousands of orbital cycles, their many rivalries became dampened by the _threat_ to Volgrimkind itself.

Sangin Kordonis, captain of the Hatoraxia, sits tensely in his chair. Beside him sits his First Officer, the young and inexperienced Invocator Miikil, a Fifth-Ranked Psion new to military service, but among the more talented of the Psions in Kordonis's fleet.

The two of them quietly talk while their crew travel toward the grey clouds covering Volgarius's surface.

[I believe the Founders will find our report illuminating,] Miikil says, keeping her telepathic voice low. [Whether the entity we fought was a Plague-host that somehow ingested a Heroic Artifact, or whether it was something else entirely, its ability to disable our entire fleet without killing a single soldier must mean it possesses frightening abilities.]

"We have already reported our findings to Confessor Vulpanix." Sangin Kordonis states. "Since she wishes for us to report back to Volgarius, we must do as she commands. I dare not contradict a Confessor."

[I admire Confessor Vulpanix a great deal.] Miikil transmits. [However, I must admit that I find her presence daunting. She led a hunt on the world of Filir, one I was present for. I was unable to contribute meaningfully.]

"You've seen the Confessor in person?" Kordonis asks.

[Yes. Her mastery of Spatial and Temporal Psionics is exquisite. On the other hand, I am barely even competent in Liquid and Gas Manipulation. A mere Fifth-rank Invocator.]

"Obtaining the title of Invocator in fewer than one thousand orbital cycles is nothing to be ashamed of." Kordonis states. His mouth-tendrils dribble saliva on his metal legs as he speaks. "I am only aged fourteen thousand orbital cycles, myself. My superiors describe me as 'adequately competent.' Were I to put my achievements into the Psion hierarchy, I would be only a Third-Ranked Initiate, at best. Not even fit for combat duty."

[There are many honorable non-combat roles for Psions.] Miikil states. [Before I took this post, I assisted in the collection of biological samples on hostile worlds. My passable abilities in gaseous manipulation allowed me to traverse poisoned and radioactive worlds without much trouble.]

"All Psions serve the Founders." Kordonis replies. "Even the seemingly insignificant figures, so long as they perform their duties, will receive the rites of advancement."

[The Founders are fair. The Founders are just.] Miikil says, straightening her posture. [I contemplate, and I comprehend.]

The Hatoraxia descends through Volgarius's cloud cover, eventually breaking through to reveal the breathtaking scenery of the richest and most prosperous world in all of the Milky Way.

Tens of trillions of Volgrim live on Volgarius. Its metal-paved surface sports no naturally-occurring foliage, and every last inch of the planet's landmasses have been utilized for housing to the absolute maximum possible. Huge terrariums dot the landscape, offering 'outdoor' amusement for the upper-class Volgrim to enjoy moderate and climate-controlled bursts of 'nature,' but otherwise, greenery is conspicuously absent.

Skyscrapers fill up the horizon as far as the eye can see. Not only do tens of billions of thousand-story structures dot Volgarius's surface, but the underground facilities go even deeper. More than two thirds of the Volgrim population lives underground, with only the wealthiest and most powerful elites earning the right to live topside.

Invocator Miikil sits up a little straighter as she gazes outside the windows. Unlike the higher-ranking Psions who somewhat take their privileged lives for granted, Miikil is only a fifth-ranked Psion, a grunt in the military. While possessing extraordinary abilities compared to Psions of the first through fourth ranks, compared to those of the sixth, seventh, and higher, she is still far from worthy to live on Volgarius's surface.

[I have rarely been to the capitol world.] Miikil says. [Truly, Volgarius is a marvel of engineering.]

"Where did you live before you were assigned to my post?" Kordonis asks.

[I spent two hundred orbital cycles training my Psionics on Filir,] Miikil states. [I spent several hundred scattered across other worlds. Most recently, I oversaw Beta-level species 14478, the 'Goblins,' on their designated containment world, Golord. I was only there for seven orbital cycles before transferring to this post.]

"Military-ranking Psions are becoming scarcer and harder to find, these days." Kordonis blandly comments. "Every captain wants a handful. You might not think yourself special, but I have a feeling the Founders will start drafting Fourth-ranked Psions into the combat ranks before long. We've lost too many Invocators to the Plague."

[The War seems never-ending...] Miikil says, her telepathic voice softening with emotion. [No matter how many Plagueborne we kill, more keep appearing.]

"That is the nature of our enemy."

The two of them fall silent as the Hatoraxia nears a dedicated landing facility, one with tens of thousands of hangar bays. The large, flat building stands out from the office-like and utilitarian infrastructure around it thanks to the many ships docked on its uppermost level, waiting for a transfer to the lower levels for short and long-term storage.

As they descend, a robotic voice speaks inside the Bridge.

**Starship Hatoraxia! Callsign Kord-677! You are cleared for landing. A Priority One message is waiting for Captain Kordonis. Please accept it at once.**

Kordonis stiffens. "Priority One. I've never received one of those before..."

He quickly moves his tentacle-fingers to press several buttons on his command interface, the part of his Captain's Chair linked to his ship's highest functions.

Moments later, the face of a Technopath holographically materializes in the center of the bridge. Sangin Lidra, head of Clan Oblong, and one of the Technopaths responsible for the recent investigation of Marie Becker's laboratory, levitates atop a circular platform.

"Sangin Kordonis. I have received word of your recent encounter in the Hell Harbor system through Confessor Vulpanix. The significance of your discovery cannot be understated. You and your Bridge crew are required to attend a Class I meeting of the Founders. It has been seven hundred and sixteen orbital cycles since a meeting of this magnitude was last arranged. I need not explain to you the importance of what will be stated there."

Kordonis maintains an air of aloofness, but his internal organs vibrate with excitement.

"Yes. A Class I meeting. I am honored by this assignment."

"It is not often a mere captain and other low-ranking officers are allowed to attend such a prestigious meeting." Sangin Lidra says. "Due to several recent classified events, the Founders have decided to disseminate highly detailed news regarding the Plague war effort."

Lidra pauses for a moment, as if hesitating about what to say.

"...I have already scoured some of the reports. Simply put, the War is not going well. We are losing on multiple fronts. Do not expect to hear much good news during this meeting. In confidence, I must state off the record that unless one of our top-secret experiments bears fruit, Volgrimkind is likely to suffer a slow and deliberate deterioration into extinction."

Kordonis and his Bridge crew fall uncomfortably silent. Some of them shoot questioning looks at each other, while Kordonis tries to maintain an air of confidence.

"I... do not understand, Master Lidra. I have heard of a few recent setbacks, but I was not under the impression we were faring so poorly."

"We are." Lidra flatly states. "Our attempts to probe the Plague have fallen flat. Our experiments have yielded no results. Autopsies only lead to more questions. Do not miss the meeting, for your firsthand account of the encounter in Hell Harbor's space will surely prove useful. At this point, we need every scrap of intelligence we can muster."

Kordonis nods seriously. "Yes, Master Lidra. I will attend, without fail. I contemplate, and I comprehend."

She tilts her head toward him as well. "I contemplate, and I comprehend. For the Founder's glory!"

Her projection fizzles away, and in its place, a planetary map with directions to the assembly place remains.

Kordonis barely even glances at the map. His subordinates will lay out a course through Volgarius's countless spiderweb-like tubes and transfer facilities to get him across the planet to his destination. He hardly needs to lift a tentacle.

"I was unaware the War was going so badly." Kordonis says, his tone devoid of emotion. "If this meeting contains as dire of information as Master Lidra implied, then what will it mean for our species?"

Invocator Miikil blinks her six insect-like eyes. [I do not know the answer to your query. If we cannot defeat the Plague, then perhaps we can flee the galaxy?]

"Where can we run?" Kordonis counters. "Anywhere we go, the Plague might follow. Traveling between galaxies is impossible for our current level of technology... unless the Founders have kept a breakthrough under wraps."

Miikil raises her fingers in a gesture of exasperation. [It is beyond my ability to know. We must trust in the Founders. Unarin has never failed us in tens of millions of cycles. The First Founder will surely think of a solution. He always does.]

"If we lose trust in the Founders, then we will have already lost the War." Kordonis concludes.