Part 734: One Last Goodbye

_Far-Future Era. Day 21, AJR. Somewhere in the Labyrinth..._

Abby, the Baron of Happy Thoughts, held an odd glowing rectangle in her hands. She stood in the Oracle Hive, where she had spent much of her life, and chatted casually with several of her friends. Abby had once been an Oracle, a long time ago when she was still a Demon Grunt, but after becoming a Lord and then a Baron, she moved on to greater things, mainly spending time working with Ose during the Energy Wars, only to return to the Oracles after the destruction of Earth.

One hundred thousand years was a long time. Abby had developed all sorts of friendly and professional relationships with the other demons working inside the Oracle Hive. Since Abby was also a succubus, she had a unique development cycle that had her functioning as a dual-grunt in her early years, though she always tended to focus on her Oracle work. Part of that was no doubt due to her obsession with Ose, who detested succubi, and who subtly made Abby want to reject that part of herself.

Giant blue crystals hung in the air. On each crystal, between one and four Oracles sat cross legged, their palms in their laps as they deduced potential future trends. Unlike certain individuals who could clearly see the future, Oracles were essentially attempting to predict important trends to divine future information in a more broad sense, rather than specific actions.

The room was constantly buzzing with blue light. Some of the Oracles were more powerful than the others, and they were capable of deciphering deeper trends, even occasionally predicting specific future threats days or even weeks ahead of time. Those special Oracles were the ones who obtained an entire Portent Crystal for themselves, while the lesser Oracles needed to share a single crystal among each other.

Abby held up the glowing rectangle, which displayed words and images on its front. This was an advanced device given to her by ADAM, which he had helpfully explained was known as a 'datapad.' On it, various information was displayed, including a listing of recent additions to the Garden of Eden, new robot types that were being built and developed, and new magical tools and weapons designed by Camael.

A tall male demon with gray skin and front-facing curved horns stood before Abby, his hands folded behind his back. He wore simple black robes that covered his torso and legs, with a hood left hanging behind himself, his head uncovered. Despite the fact that he stood a full foot taller than her, he was merely a Demon Grunt, an ordinary Oracle, and a Satyr at that. He did not dare to be rude to Abby, a bonafide Demon Baron, who outranked him by two entire levels.

"We could use your help with this matter." The Satyr said, his expression stern. "You are our best Oracle. Even if you've moved on to greener pastures, your abilities remain potent."

"I just think it's a waste of time!" Abby exclaimed, rolling her eyes. "I'm doing important stuff now, Genos."

"I understand that." Genos said. "But while Uriel was once our greatest enemy, she now could become a pillar of demonkind's strength. At least, according to Barbatos. We have to find her location. It might be possible to rescue her, assuming she has not fallen into the Kolvaxian's clutches."

Abby looked up from the datapad. "Look, Genos, I've told you guys a bunch of times. Just because I used to be an Oracle doesn't mean I want to be one forever. I have a much more important mission now than hunting down some Archangel who might be our enemy, or who might be our ally! My mission was given to me by Ose, and anything my precious Ose says, overrides anything you say. Got it?!"

Genos looked troubled. "I would not dare to presume, but... what could be more important than securing the power of a High Cosmic for our people? Barbatos alone does not give us enough assurances against the Kolvaxian menace."

Abby sighed. "I don't even know where to begin. I promised Ose I wouldn't spill the beans, okay? But let's just say she didn't sit on her butt for 100,000 years lounging around drinking blood wine! She was out there building a stockpile of weapons to help demonkind someday rule the galaxy! So trust me, working on Ose's project is way more important than hunting for Uriel. Maybe you guys should ask the Deities if they can advance some of you to Lord or even Baron! Then you won't need my help."

"We cannot spare the souls anymore, since demons are no longer allowed to reap human souls..." Genos said, his expression pained. "But if you truly do not wish to help us, I guess there's no helping it. We'll have to make do on our own."

"There you go! That's the spirit, big guy!" Abby laughed, lightly reaching out to clap his arm. "Anyway, I'm done here. Just wanted to pay you guys a visit and see what was up! I've gotta head back now!"

She turned to leave, but then Genos cleared his throat.

"Ahem, say, Abby? You keep mentioning Ose... but isn't she... dead?"

Abby paused. With her back to Genos, she didn't say anything for a moment.

"Yeah. She's technically dead." Abby said quietly. "But a part of her still lives on in spirit. And that's enough for me."

Genos scratched his head. He didn't really understand what Abby meant, but it wasn't his place to pry.

"Alright. Take care then, Baron of Happy Thoughts."

Abby nodded without looking back at him. She continued to walk forward, leaving the blue-lit Oracle Hive behind. Its light quickly grew fainter and fainter until she could not sense it anymore.

Abby walked for a while. A long while.

The route back to the hidden alcove that would teleport her to the Garden of Eden was not a short one. Unlike Ose, who could manipulate her Astral Form to rapidly fly through the walls of the Labyrinth, Abby had to walk or run through it the old fashioned way. She did transit across the Labyrinth a little faster by going to specific Warper hubs, but moving hundreds and hundreds of miles quickly was not easy for anyone to do, especially in the context of a winding three dimensional path that was constantly changing.

"The Labyrinth is so annoying." Abby muttered to herself. "Lots of living space, but such a pain in the butt to go anywhere."

Abby walked past various pod-shaped Birthing Rooms where Broodmothers labored to produce new Demon Imps, as well as a few Pleasure Pits where demons engaged in rancorous sex, violence, and other debauchery. Abby had even spent time in similar places in her youth, before she decided to become an Oracle full-time, but she wouldn't ever go there now. She transited through three separate Warper Stations before reaching the final stretch of her journey after six long grueling hours.

Abby's feet were starting to hurt. She wore white sneakers, and even so, her feet were still aching a little from all the running around.

Abby wasn't exactly a fashionista, but she had a certain look to her. She always kept her white hair up in a ponytail, she wore a punk rock T-shirt, and she preferred to let her succubus tail poke out of the back of her booty-shorts. Her entire outfit was black, except for her white socks and sneakers, and she had all sorts of skull decorations on her clothes as well.

Funnily enough, Abby's hair was not naturally white. It was originally black, but when she first met Ose more than 100,000 years ago, she'd become Ose's biggest fangirl and dyed her hair to match. Naturally, Ose rolled her eyes, but Abby didn't care. There was nobody in the universe she thought about more than Ose... especially after Ose's death.

Even now, on the way back to the Garden of Eden, Abby bobbed her head from side to side as she thought about the tiny soul sliver of Ose that was inside Bael's Matriarch Armor.

Could there be a way for Abby to communicate with Ose? She had donned the Matriarch Armor in the past, but she wasn't able to hear Ose's voice. She didn't think Bael was lying, so he must truly be able to talk to her. It likely had something to do with the fact that Bael was now inhabiting Ose's original body.

While Abby was thinking these things, she suddenly came to a stop as a strange, cold feeling softly passed over her body. Abby flinched, then lifted her eyes to look into the distance.

Up ahead, Abby could just barely make out a figure that would scare the shit out of any other demon. The figure had two heads, four arms, and a body covered in glowing red eyeballs. He looked like a freak, an abomination, a monster that should not exist. But Abby had never perceived him as an enemy... not towards her.

"...Gressil?" Abby asked hesitantly, as she walked toward him. 

She wasn't exactly scared, but the two of them weren't particularly close anymore. Ever since devouring Lucifer during the Energy Wars, Gressil had become something of a loner. Abby always felt pangs of sympathy for him, but he tended to avoid her, for reasons unknown. She wasn't sure if she had hurt his feelings in the past, or if maybe he was scared of hurting her, or maybe his personality had changed and he no longer considered her a friend.

But now he was here. In front of her. And his appearance didn't feel like a coincidence.

As Abby approached, she noticed Gressil's head was bowed, and he was leaning back against the corridor wall. He had a solemn, heavy expression on his face.

"Hello, Abby." Gressil said quietly. His voice was soft. Maybe even a little bit warm. But there was also a hint of melancholy to it. "It's been a while."

Abby stopped a short distance away. She nodded slowly. "Yeah, Gres. It's been a while. Um. How are... _you_?"

Gressil visibly seemed downcast, but Abby had no idea why. She decided to gently probe his mood.

"Not great." Gressil admitted. He still hadn't looked at her once. "Something happened recently. I lost a friend, and in his absence, I realized... I don't have many friends left."

Abby bobbed her head slightly. "So you're feeling lonely? And you wanted to come see me?"

Gressil was quiet for a time.

"Ose is dead." Gressil said. "The Wordsmiths are gone. A new Game is afoot. But I no longer have access to the Temporal Realm. After the Great Shattering, the future has lost its cohesion. And thus, so too have I become somewhat... lost."

Abby blinked. "Um... Temporal Realm... Great Shattering... I don't really get it, Gres. I know we haven't talked in a long time, but if you want to talk, I'm here now."

"That's good." Gressil said, finally turning his head to smile faintly at her. "Let's sit."

Abby nodded.

Gressil lowered himself to the ground, and Abby took the initiative to sit beside him, within arm's length. If he had any evil intentions, he could reach out and kill her on the spot. But Abby didn't think he would do that, and she had no reason to distrust him.

"So." Abby said quietly. "What's up with you, big guy?"

Gressil sighed. "I can't see the future anymore. It's thrilling, in a way, but I can vaguely sense a great loss approaching. Truth be told, I don't think you and I will be able to talk again after this. So... I wanted to speak to you, maybe for the last time."

"What? For the last time?!" Abby fried. "No, no, Gres, don't be silly. You're an Emperor now. Nothing's going to happen to you!"

"Emperors are not the powerhouses they used to be." Gressil said. "Deities are. And I am no Demon Deity."

Abby suddenly remembered something. "Say... I heard a rumor recently that Emperor Crow was killed. You weren't involved, were you?"

Gressil turned his head slightly to look at her. A long moment of silence followed.

"She targeted someone... precious to me. So I had to eliminate her."

"Is that the problem then? You're worried the Deities want you dead because you killed one of their own?" Abby pressed.

Gressil shrugged. "They definitely want me dead. But death is not the worst fate one can suffer. At least death is final, to some extent. They might instead wish to capture me, torment me, or other such things."

Gressil paused.

"But I didn't really come here to talk about myself. I wanted to see how you were doing. Have you been well, Abby?"

Abby started to affirm in the positive, but then she caught herself. A moment followed where she lowered her eyes and looked at the ground.

"...Not really, Gres. I haven't been doing so great myself. Ose died, and she meant a lot to me."

"I know she did." Gressil said. "She meant a lot to me as well. We had our differences, but ultimately, Ose was my sister... and I loved her. I simply didn't know how to show that love."

"Yeah..." Abby said softly. "You've always had it... rough."

After hesitating for a moment, Abby tentatively reached out and touched Gressil's hand. She smiled sheepishly at him, and he offered a rare smile back.

Gressil quietly took her hand in his.

The two of them sat there in silence, in the darkness of the Labyrinth, where their demonic vision had no trouble seeing.

Five long minutes passed.

"You know, Gres..." Abby said quietly. "I, um... I loved- I still love Ose. So much. So very much. But I want you to know I've always cared for you too. I'm sorry I pulled away after... the incident."

"You were scared of what I'd become." Gressil said. "Your fear was only natural."

"No. No!" Abby exclaimed, looking at him in surprise. "That's not true at all, Gres! I was never scared of you, not then and not now. I know that you've done some horrible things, but I also know what sort of a person you really are!"

She paused.

"Gres, you're not a bad person. _You're not._ That... that _woman_ hurt you. She beat you, insulted you, messed with your head. It turned you cruel. But that wasn't your fault. Your revenge was scary, but I understood it. I always did. When you changed, I avoided you because... because I didn't know how to process what had happened! Because I didn't know what to say to make you feel better! Because I _was_ scared... of hurting you even more."

Abby turned her body, then reached up to touch Gressil's deformed, birdlike face, with its long beak and other misshapen features.

"I should have been there for you, Gres. I'm so sorry I wasn't a good friend."

Gressil reached his own hand up and gently pressed it against Abby's hand, now resting on his face. He gave her a long, sad look.

"You were right to avoid me." Gressil said. "I became a monster. I'm still a monster. If I had hurt you in my rage... I don't think I could have forgiven myself."

Gressil pulled her hand away, then released his hold on her other hand, putting a little distance between them.

"What happened in the past will remain in the past." Gressil said, looking forward at the opposite wall once more. "We cannot change the past. We can only move on from it."

"I guess you're right." Abby said, her expression gloomy. She sat back down and crossed her arms around her legs, resting her chin on her knees. "I still feel bad though."

Gressil reached over and rested a palm on Abby's back. "There's no need to feel that way. I'm glad I was able to call you my friend."

"Me too." Abby said, only to realize something, as she turned her head to look at him. "Wait, what do you mean 'was' able? We're still friends, Gres."

"Yes. But this is the last time we're going to speak." Gressil said. "I wanted to make sure our last meeting was a good one. I have to go now. We won't see each other again after this."

Abby blinked. Gressil was already standing up, which made her heart race with fright. She quickly jumped to her feet and grabbed his arm.

"Wait, wait! Gres! What do you mean? Where are you going? What are you planning?! Why won't I see you anymore?!"

Gressil looked down at Abby's small, frail hands that were not even able to properly wrap around the circumference of his arms. He was far larger than her. She was a small and dainty demoness, while he was a disfigured monster.

The distance between them had grown over time, and even now he could feel the chasm widening.

"There's no point telling you." Gressil said. "This is one future event that remains fixed. Because it's the choices we make that define us."

Abby's chest tightened with emotion. She croaked out a few weak words, as tears started to well up in her eyes. Gressil gently pulled his arm away from her, then brushed away her tears.

"Goodbye, Abby. For the last time."

Abby's body shook. She started to reach out, to try and grab onto Gressil so he couldn't leave, but she was a second too slow. Gressil's form turned immaterial as he faded away, his aura vanishing from the hallway.

"Wait! WAIT! Gressil, no! Stop! Whatever you're about to do, don't do it! Gressil? GRESSIL?! Do you hear me? Come back, big guy! Come back, Gres! I mean it, I'm not kidding around!"

"Gres!" 

"GRESSIL!!"

The strength left Abby's legs. She fell to her knees and started to sob, not even certain what was about to happen, but confident it was going to be very, very bad.

"Gressil... Gres... no, devils... I can't lose them both... I can't lose him too..."

Abby wept. At this moment, she became a ball of emotions, unable to stop herself from experiencing a sensation of loss just as acute as when Ose died.

She knew she could not persuade Gressil to stop whatever he was about to do, and even if she could, she had no way of tracking him down! Gressil was the most elusive demon in all the Seven Hells.

Thus, she lost her rationality and sobbed, cried, and wept for a full hour.

Time passed.

Eventually, her tears ran their course. Abby shakily stood up and started staggering forward, her eyes hollow as she made her way back to the portal which would take her to the Garden of Eden. She found the secret wall panel, then stepped inside of it. ADAM was already waiting for her there. Without a word, the two of them disappeared, traveling to a place somewhere unknown in the galaxy, where Ose's secret base of operations had been built.

When Abby arrived, her body language was downcast beyond all reason. Nobody had ever seen the usually bright, bubbly Baron of Happy Thoughts in such a state of complete depression. She looked as if her entire life had fallen apart and she had no idea what to do about it.

Abby sat down inside the small cafeteria. The shiny, slick, white colored tables were spotless as always, just like how Ose liked them. Servant bots came to ask if she was hungry, but Abby simply shook her head, her body numb from sadness.

Eventually, Bael wandered over, having been informed of Abby's return by ADAM.

"Hey, girl! What's up? You uh... you good, sister?"

Bael plunked down on the bench beside Abby. She didn't answer him, but instead opted to hollowly stare at the table, unblinking.

"Abby? Aaaaabby? What's goin' on? You alright? Wanna talk about it?" Bael pestered. He could tell something was wrong, but Bael was hardly one for nuance. He was a lunkhead, through and through.

Abby slowly blinked. She turned to look at Bael, her eyes puffy and red from all her crying. "Huh...? Wha... what was that, Bael?"

Bael gulped. "Hey, honey. You uh, you don't look so good. You wanna talk?"

Abby nodded dumbly, her expression blank. "Yeah... no... yeah... I don't know. I just... I want a hug, Bael."

Bael's eyes softened. "A hug? Sure. Everyone needs a good hug once in a while. C'mere."

He reached his arms out, and Abby immediately leaned forward into his embrace. She wrapped her arms around his back and sighed as her head rested against his plump breasts.

"Hey Bael... let's... not talk for a while... okay? No talk."

"Okay." Bael said, as he gently rubbed her back. "No talking."

Abby closed her eyes. She imagined that she was not hugging Bael, but Ose. It was Ose's body, after all. It was almost as if Ose was still there, in body if not in spirit.

_Ose... I miss you so much. Now Gressil's going away too... I don't want to be alone. I wish that Wordsmith had never appeared. I wish none of this had ever happened. I was happy with the way things were._

Abby choked back a sob.

_I wish I could have loved you the way you deserved. I wish I could have been there for Gres. I wish I had been a better friend..._

Inside the Matriarch Armor, Ose awakened. Her soul sliver was still contained within Bael's belt, the object known as Mjölnir. As such, she was able to perceive the world around her.

[Hmm?] Ose muttered to herself. [Something's off about Abby. She's not usually like this. I wish I could speak to her so I could find out what happened.]

Just as the thought came to Ose, her spiritual body jolted with shock.

[What? What's this?! Impossible... a faint soul resonance...?! Why am I able to sense Abby's soul? My spirit should not be strong enough to do that, which means... the situation has changed? Has Abby herself changed?]

Ose thought long and hard as Abby remained in Bael's embrace.

A spark of light flickered inside the crafty Emperor's eyes. [I sense that a possibility which didn't exist before might be doable now. This could be... a chance!]