Part 331: Prodigy's Promotion

_Half a day after the Grand Assembly._

Founder Unarin silently strides into his core offices, the key floors of the Founder's Thumb, one of the five towers comprising the Founder's Fingers. Not far from the topmost levels, his core offices rest on the 341st through 350th floors.

The number of personnel inside this highly restrictive zone are few and far between. Unlike the largely insular towers of the other four Founders, a variety of Volgrim subspecies work here, consisting primarily of Technopaths, Psions, and Changelings. All of them are high-level leaders of various factions in the Volgrim Empire, and possess an incredible amount of pull with their respective organizations, as they answer directly to Unarin himself.

However, among these executives are also a few of The Ascended, the same subspecies as Unarin himself. While nearly the entirety of the Ascended live inside of simulation pods spread across thousands of worlds, a few designated ones work inside the First Finger. Muuxunuu counts among them, but she is not the only one.

Unarin strides up to one of the few and far-between Ascended, a male with obsidian-black skin manipulating holograms in the air which show a battle taking place around one of the Outer Rim worlds in the 'northwest quadrant' of the Milky Way.

"Commander Randis." Unarin says. "How are things looking?"

Even as he asks, Unarin's eyes flick to the numerous highly classified readings hovering in the air, the red and blue 'blips' of ships fighting spaceborne Kolvaxians, and the casualty count slowly incrementing upward.

The other Ascended, Commander Randis, doesn't even turn to look at Unarin. "How do you think it's going, brother? We're losing. I intend to call a retreat in one point seven standard time-units."

Despite Randis's utterly casual remark, lacking any respect or discipline, Unarin does not reprimand him.

"I see. Have any high-level Psions fallen?"

"No." Randis answers. "I've been careful to keep them in the backlines. We don't want a repeat of the Goltaris Prime incident."

"Have Huron and Sartron's doppelgangers appeared at this battle?"

Randis shakes his head. "They're too busy tearing apart our flanks in the eastern galaxy."

Unarin closes his eyes for a moment, then opens them and starts to walk away. Without even saying goodbye, he turns to walk toward a stairwell leading to the next floor up.

Before he leaves, Randis calls out to him.

"Brother!"

Unarin pauses.

"Yes?"

"That was a beautiful speech you gave." Randis says, his tone dripping with sarcasm. "I nearly wept for joy. But speeches won't change our situation. If our people find out how badly we're losing, we'll have an exodus on our hands. A revolt!"

Unarin stares at Randis and nods.

"I am aware."

"So?" Randis asks. "Do you have a plan? Something viable? Actionable? Our frontline troops are exhausted. Every cycle that passes, they become more and more embittered with your leadership. All it will take is one leak and the people will know how badly we're-"

"Enough." Unarin says, raising his hand. "You don't need to tell me. I'm working on... our options."

Randis snorts. "The Wordsmith."

"Yes. The Wordsmith. But not just him."

Unarin pauses, as if debating whether he should say anything else.

A moment passes before he wearily nods again.

"...We've had a small bit of success bio-engineering a contagion that will affect the Kolvaxians."

"You told me that already." Randis says. "That worthless contagion was utterly ineffective."

"The new strain isn't." Unarin replies. "But the problem is... it affects all biological life. It will kill the plaguetouched all the same as the uninfected. The lethality rate is extremely high, and if it reaches a civilian populace, the damage will be catastrophic."

"So, it's also useless." Randis summarizes. "In which case, let's hope that Wordsmith of yours will do something to help us. I've enjoyed ten million cycles of life. I'd like to live for another ten million, if possible."

"As would I." Unarin concludes.

...

The First Founder continues heading upward. He avoids taking any turbolifts to the top, and instead climbs the stairs manually. These brief respites allow him the time to think while he walks. He observes the atmosphere of each floor, noting the cold and grim expressions on the faces of the Volgrim working in his tower. Unlike the elites from the Grand Assembly, not one person working for the First Founder has any hope for victory lingering on their faces. They long ago lost their beliefs they could win the Kolvaxian War.

_Eighty-five thousand cycles._ Unarin thinks. _To the young, it is an eternity, but to the long-lived, it isn't even a flicker in our eyes. My age made me slow to react to the disaster when it first began. Am I falling into the same traps the rulers of the Old Empire did? Perhaps it won't be long before a rebellion comes to dethrone me, as well. Poetic justice._

Unarin eventually reaches his main office, a floor devoid of any other life forms. Highly secretive experiments line the walls, along with weapons, data modules, and other such things that would make those with greedy minds perform double-takes if they saw them.

In addition, thousands of artifacts taken during Volgrimkind's countless millennia of existence sit on tables and shelves, all of them positioned to give the blackened obsidian walls, floor, and ceiling an artistic touch. The dim lights provide an atmosphere of contemplation for Unarin, who usually detests annoyingly bright lights that disrupt his concentration.

The First Founder walks over to a holographic interface terminal, or a HIT, for short. He stands in its center and places his palms onto two orb-shaped control modules sticking out of the floor. A rush of data feeds into his hands and travels through his body, reaching his brain in an instant. At the same time, the most advanced holographic matrix in the Volgrim Empire lights up, showing Unarin the data regarding several ongoing battles against the Kolvaxians.

"Hmm. There's a small hole in our defenses seven degrees from the northern galaxy. Right in this Theta cluster... I'd better dispatch patrol ships there, just in case."

Unarin mutters to himself many times over the next thirty minutes. He speaks out loud for no particular reason, perhaps only to hear his own voice.

As he changes some variables and alters some attack vectors, Unarin's thoughts continue to churn.

"Hmm... and it wouldn't be good if the Wordsmith..."

Unarin pauses.

"Dosena."

He speaks to the void around him. A moment later, with a silent flicker of movement, the Second Founder appears before him.

[Yes?]

Dosena's authoritative voice speaks directly into Unarin's mind. Whether she was listening to him the whole time for nefarious reasons, or whether it's simply something she always does to keep the First Founder safe, is something only the two of them know.

"I want increased security on the Terran Artifact Vault." Unarin says. "Put Confessor Vulpanix in charge, once she has finished her work in the Hell Harbor system."

[The Confessor's talents would be better put to use performing her regularly assigned duties.] Dosena says. [Why would you put her in charge of those old vaults?]

"Because they house Heroic Artifacts." Unarin says. "Now that we have Solomon's Crown, we also hold the trifecta of Camael's Legendary Artifacts. But, this worries me. What if the Wordsmith uncovers the vault's location? I don't want to take a chance he'll re-obtain the Crown, nor Excalibur, nor the Dominion Rod, to say nothing of the other artifacts."

He pauses to look directly at the six-eyed Psion.

"Confessor Vulpanix has encountered the Wordsmith once, or at least that is what I believe. It seems likely he was poking around in Marie Becker's laboratory. We can't dismiss the possibility they've met. You and I both know that as valuable of assets her Neutron Bombs are, that half-Terran cyborg is dangerous. She would like nothing more than to break free of our control."

[Ose keeps a tight leash on Marie Becker.] Dosena states. [Though, now that she has ascended to the rank of Emperor, I do not view her as a reliable asset anymore. She has begun to rebel against us in ways both large and small.]

"We have to rely on Ose." Unarin says, returning his attention to the holographic displays. "I don't have a superior operative to put in her place, and even if I did, they would be a Technopath, better served building weapons to fight the Plague."

Dosena lightly drums her fingers on her waist.

[You're more high-strung than usual.]

Unarin nods. "Naturally. You know as well as I do how poorly the War is going. Now, we have to rely on Demons and potentially the Wordsmith to fill the gaps in our abilities. I need capable hands, but even in an Empire of septillions, there are only so many worthy elites able to step up at any given moment."

The First Founder exhales in annoyance.

"Solomon's Crown. You made sure not to touch it, right?"

[Of course.] Dosena says. [His ability to download the memories of others is too troublesome to manage. Unfortunately, that Changeling who delivered the Crown _did_ touch it.]

"Kotori..." Unarin murmurs. "Low-level. Insignificant. They somehow ended up in the right place at the right time. Still, that junior managed to deliver us essential information at just the right time. Its capabilities might prove useful. Send them back to Tarus II. They can continue to discreetly gather intel for us."

[The knowledge Kotori possesses of the Plague should not be anything beyond what the common folk know.] Dosena interjects. [But Unarin... don't you think we might be missing out on an opportunity?]

"To use Solomon's wisdom for our own ends?" Unarin asks, his question rhetorical. "That would be a foolish move. He is a human, with human allegiances. Any information given to us by a Terran, especially one as crafty and wise as Solomon, will be sure to lead us astray. As much as I'd love to beg him for a method to slay the Kolvaxians, the cost we'd pay would be too steep."

Dosena eyes the First Founder with a predatory gaze.

[You will not consider speaking to Solomon, yet you _would_ consider waking the Sentinels?]

Unarin pauses his work. He turns to Dosena once again, easily picking up on the hostility in her gaze.

"It would be a last-ditch effort at revenge. Nothing more."

[Lie to others and lie to yourself!] Dosena says. [But do not lie to me. You have always regretted the failures of the Sentinels. You want to bring them back. You want to perfect them. But you cannot, Unarin. They were flawed from the outset.]

"Flawed. Flawed!" Unarin snarls. "No! They were perfect! It was only the brain-scans we used that were flawed. If we had created a composite of hundreds of different brains, we might-"

[We might have created an even more terrifying and unstoppable army!] Dosena interrupts. [One with higher intelligence which even the Gatekeeper Protocol could not disable. Count your blessings that we survived, Unarin. And for void's sake, stop thinking about the Sentinels! I never want to see them again!]

She cuts her words off with a snarl, making even Unarin flinch. The First Founder turns away and snorts.

"They were the perfect weapon." Unarin mutters. "Some people are blinded by their emotions."

[Some of us can see reason.] Dosena says, before making a slight motion with her hand.

The Second Founder vanishes, leaving Unarin all by himself once again.

He returns to his work, cursing under his breath as he reminisces about the 'good old days.'

Some time later, footsteps approach from behind him. Unarin doesn't turn away from his console.

"Muuxunuu. What is it?"

Unarin's Head Administrator stops some distance away and tilts her head downward.

"First Founder. That young Technopath has come as you requested. Sangin Kordonis."

The Mightiest of The Ascended pulls away from his console.

"Ah, yes. Fourth in line to lead Clan Oblong. A junior among juniors, but also a starship captain, promoted early in his years. He must have some level of competency."

"Sangin Kordonis's academy records were merely average." Muuxunuu says. "I looked up some of his academic files. He has made no noteworthy contributions to Volgrim society. Despite his position in line to lead Clan Oblong, it is extremely unlikely he will perform any administrative duties in the next five hundred thousand cycles, if left to his own devices. There are many more capable Technopaths better suited to his position."

Unarin walks toward Muuxunuu. She remains motionless as he reaches toward her and lightly touches her hair-tendrils, playing with them absentmindedly as if they were his personal toys.

"Yes, at face value, he doesn't seem all that noteworthy," Unarin says, "But I have a feeling about him. He made some... interesting statements during the Grand Assembly."

Muuxunuu's skin shifts colors from pink to red as Unarin caresses and kneads her hair-tendrils. The sensitive erogenous zones, rarely touched by any but the closest people to her, make strange feelings well up in her body.

Even so, she shows no outward display of emotions.

"He... is waiting on the 240th floor." Muuxunuu says, hesitantly.

Unarin retracts his hand, but as he does, he also strokes Muuxunuu's face.

"Has he been waiting long?"

"No. Not long." Muuxunuu answers.

Unarin lightly pinches his Head Administrator's chin before offering her a faint smile. Then, he walks past her, toward the turbolift.

"I'll expect those documents I requested yesterday to be ready and waiting for when I return," Unarin says, before the turbolift doors close shut behind him.

After Unarin leaves, Muuxunuu blinks her soft, pink eyes.

"Yes, First Founder."

...

The turbolift drops down nearly 100 floors, reaching the 240th floor in under a minute. Thanks to its inertial dampeners, Unarin barely even notices the change in momentum.

When it reaches the correct floor, the doors open, and Unarin steps off into one of the more 'public' areas in the First Finger, a place with perhaps a hundred high-level Volgrim strutting around somewhat pretentiously.

All eyes fall on the First Founder as he strides forward. Even while the others offer greetings to their supreme leader, Unarin's eyes fall on a very out-of-place Technopath junior, a young Volgrim who tries his best to not look too excited about personally meeting the First Founder.

When Unarin walks up, Sangin Kordonis starts to step toward him, only to pause, unsure whether he should make the first move or not.

"F-First Founder! It is my greatest honor to have a personal m-meeting with you!" Kordonis sputters.

"I imagine it is." Unarin says. "Come with me. I wish to speak to you in private."

Dozens of envious gazes fall on Kordonis's back, as even the many elites in this tower, Unarin's personal citadel, rarely get to speak to him one-on-one.

Unarin guides the junior to a small alcove office, some unused space with generic decorations. The transparent door opens and closes behind them, and a layer of interference technology activates, turning the glass pitch-black and obfuscating their conversations from any visitors who might try to listen in remotely.

A small black table sits in the room, with four chairs surrounding it. Unarin takes a seat on one side, and gestures to the chair across from himself.

"Sit."

Sangin Kordonis shivers as he sits, his mouth-tendrils nervously writhing around as he tries to calm them down.

"S-so! For what reason have I earned the, uhm, honor of coming here?" Kordonis asks.

"You said some very interesting things during the Grand Assembly." Unarin answers. "They made me take a small interest in you. Have you read Order to Chaos, by chance?"

Kordonis nods his head up and down several times excitedly. 

"Oh, yes! I would be shocked if any self-respecting Volgrim hadn't! I must have read your work at least a thousand times!"

"A thousand?" Unarin asks, raising an eyebrow. "Oh. That's quite impressive for your age. What part of Order to Chaos stands out the most in your mind?"

"That is a simple question to answer!" Kordonis says. "The whole text is part of a foundation upon which one can build their own worldview, but for me, it was Chapter 17 that resonated the most with my view of the universe. When you wrote about the deterioration of civilization over time, and how bad architecture breeds bad thoughts, it made me think of so many primitive worlds who would never be able to receive the Founder's Light!"

Unarin closes his eyes.

"Ah, yes. Architecture is the means by which a conqueror can understand not only his enemies, but his own people, as well. Indeed, it was that simple insight which allowed me to ultimately overturn the Old Volgrim Empire and crush its corrupt despots. Once I understood the rot which had set into its very foundations, I became capable of attacking it at its weakest points."

Opening his eyes, Unarin taps his wrist-embedded psionic implant, causing a holographic image of a small planet to hover in the air before him.

"This world is Tarus II, where the Wordsmith lives. During the Grand Assembly, I pointed out a few minor features of its civilization that I had noticed... but I am curious as to what a young mind might observe. Here, take a look, and tell me what you see."

Unarin zooms in on the capitol city of Tarus II, and to Kordonis's surprise, the image appears much clearer than it did during the Grand Assembly.

As if having read his young guest's mind, Unarin says, "We received updated details a few standard units ago. I have updated the map accordingly."

Kordonis nods, then falls silent. He uses his ability to manipulate technology, a feat that all Technopaths share, to shift the image from a distance. He zooms in on several key areas. He rotates the buildings to get good looks at them from multiple angles, or at least the few which survived the 'thermonuclear detonation event.'

After ten minutes of silence, Kordonis pulls back. "Forgive me, Founder Unarin, for my eyes are immature, and my knowledge flawed. I will point out anything that I can, but I hope that you will not find my meager skills too shameful."

Unarin waves his hand casually. "Nonsense. Every young mind starts somewhere. Speak."

Several expressions of guilt wash across Kordonis's face as he pauses to gather his thoughts.

"W-well... in regards to this mountain range to the west, I noticed several hidden artillery weapons which had been destroyed by the demons. Their design is crude, and their positioning awkward. I can only surmise the person who constructed them was an amateur, as their payloads would likely cause destruction to rain upon the Wordsmith's allies and enemies alike."

The First Founder nods. "A simple observation, but necessary. What do you think their positioning tells you about the one who build them?"

"Well..." Kordonis says, haltingly. "If I must be honest, I do not think the Wordsmith built them. Or rather, he did build them, but he did not decide to place them there. Someone with more knowledge of warfare did. A trusted advisor, perhaps?"

"That's right." Unarin says, offering a faint smile. "Excellent observational skills. I believe the one who placed these crude weapons put them at the most effective location. They were designed to attack only once an enemy force had wholly overrun the Warpgate's position. They were also carefully concealed to catch the demons by surprise, and judging by the marks scarring the land, they succeeded. They do not share the Wordsmith's haphazard placement, nor his lazy architectural design in the primary city-space. Someone competent placed those artillery units."

The First Founder gestures to the hologram. "Continue."

Growing a little bolder, Kordonis points to a location south of the city.

"I noticed a small but poorly concealed hole in the ground here. After giving it some thought, I've determined it did not lead to the Trifrancium Mines on this planet, but a different location, most likely for deep storage. After giving the matter some thought, I determined it must be a prison complex."

Unarin cocks his head and shifts his expression, as if waiting for a follow-up. Kordonis, eager to please his idol, immediately continues.

"...However, unlike the artillery formations, this prison does not appear to have been built with much thought. It's too far from the city, in a position where it would be hard for the military to reinforce it if there was an escapee, at least not in a timely manner. I believe the Wordsmith decided the location, though he did not construct it himself. There are signs of Goblin activity in the area. I believe Goblins may have hewn out the underground portion of the prison without the Wordsmith's help."

"Another well-spoken observation." Unarin praises. "You're better at this than I expected, young Kordonis. I have elite generals leading my forces who have never read Order to Chaos in their lives, and I even know a few who have read it many times, yet they never seemed to grasp its fundamental truths. You would be surprised at how many Volgrim who you revere, yet who cannot grasp the concepts espoused in my tome."

Kordonis laughs. "You praise me too much, First Founder. I am only a shallow thinker, slow of mind, and dull-witted to boot. My educational scores were mediocre, and my abilities in technology have never been worth mentioning."

"Just because you are a Technopath does not mean you must become a master of technology," Unarin says. "Strategic minds can assist greatly in the War effort. Go on, tell me some more of your observations. I refuse to believe these two points are all that you've noticed."

Kordonis's skin flushes with color. "Well, truth be told, I did notice some other things, but no doubt, you've seen them well ahead of me."

"Naturally." Unarin replies. "But I am not testing myself. I am testing you to see if, perhaps, our educational institutions did not give you the credit you deserve."

Kordonis nods. "Well, in that case..."

He and Unarin spend the next five hours talking. They exchange thoughts and ideas, examine many other civilizations, and swap observations regarding the many alien cultures the Volgrim have encountered over their years.

"Marvelous. I have truly found a diamond in the rough!" Unarin says. "To think you were languishing as a mere starship captain, Sangin Kordonis. Some would say your advance has been too quick, considering your poor academic scores, but I think the Empire has wrongly held you back. I see bright stars in your future."

"No, no, you praise me too highly," Kordonis says, bowing his head. "I may have some shallow insights regarding Order to Chaos, but that hardly makes me noteworthy. No doubt, there are thousands of elites more capable than I at understanding its nuances."

"Thousands?" Unarin asks. "No. Not thousands. Perhaps not even hundreds. Dare I say, there might be only a few dozen philosophers who can understand my work's intricacies. I look long and hard for those shining jewels, but sadly, most will only be capable of parroting the basic words written on the page. They are imitators, regurgitators. Sometimes, an elite Psion or Technopath might glean some small insight and think themselves a strategic genius, but compared to you, I would barely call them a buffoon."

Unarin taps his fingers on his chair's arms.

"Kordonis. I require someone to take on a specific role, and that someone will be you. You will go to the world of Tarus II. You will represent the delegates of our peacekeepers, and will initiate contact with the Wordsmith. I will expect you to report directly to me, and to facilitate diplomatic negotiations with the Wordsmith and his people."

Kordonis's entire body turns ice-cold from shock. "M-me? Founder Unarin! This is... a great honor! I cannot believe... I am shocked you would pick me!"

"Oh, keep the humility to yourself," Unarin says, waving his hand. "Too much humility will sour other people's thoughts. You must take pride in your strengths."

"Yes, of course." Kordonis says, bowing his head. "I contemplate, and I comprehend."

"You will choose a retinue of capable assistants." Unarin says. "You will ensure they can assist you in this venture. I care not if they are friends, family, or clan-members. Just make sure they are up to the task. I will be giving you a high level of autonomy regarding the Wordsmith, with only one distinction."

The First Founder pauses to look Kordonis in the eyes.

"You must take extreme care when dealing with him. Proceed with caution. Any entity capable of accelerating a star's heat death is not one we wish to make our adversary. If, however, the worst should happen, you must be ready to take decisive action. I do not trust the Wordsmith, because he seems to be a lazy simpleton possessing extreme levels of knowledge. Somehow, he is both a genius and a dullard. I will expect you to detail his mannerisms to me so that I might make additional considerations of his capabilities."

The young Technopath nods sagely. "Yes, Founder Unarin. I understand, and will not fail you in this pursuit."

"Good. Then you are dismissed." Unarin says. "Do not let me down, Kordonis."

Kordonis stands up, bows deeply, then strides out of the room, a visible pep in his step.

After he leaves, Unarin remains behind, staring blankly at the wall.

"The Wordsmith... who is he? A lazy imbecile who I can bend to my will, or a frighteningly intelligent enemy who I mustn't anger for any reason? Such an enigma... so many possibilities..."