Part 635: She's Only a Baron!

**[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFoem7hZ75k)**

January 21st, 2021. 5AM.

Ose, the Baron of Infiltration. Jason Hiro, the 'Archseer'. Cat Mask, an unknown enigma.

Illuminati reinforcements trickled onto the scene as these three powerhouses faced each other down. They took aim with their guns, but before they could start shooting at their demonic enemy, Jason Hiro suddenly raised a fist.

"Hold your fire. This demon is mine and my father's alone! I WILL have a demon corpse to mount as a trophy, and I won't let any of you weaklings steal my glory!"

Jason stood up. Ose's flying kick had sent him smashing into a wall, but it didn't escape her notice that he wasn't badly injured. Clearly, his heroic powers involved some sort of defensive boost. He still massaged his chest and seemed to be a little winded, but her assassination attempt hadn't taken him out for good.

Ose snorted. "Looking down on me just because I'm a Baron? That will be your LAST mistake!"

Jason had fought Ose in the future. He had faced her when she was an Emperor, far stronger than she was now. The simple baseline increases in power, speed, and durability from Baron to Duke to Emperor could not be underestimated. The Ose of this era was much less scary than the one he knew 100,000 years from now. To say nothing of what all those millennia may have taught her future self in terms of battle experience and worldly knowledge...

But Ose was wrong about one thing. Jason did not underestimate her. Not at all.

She was _Ghost_. She was humanity's greatest enemy. From what he had heard, she alone had been responsible for at least half the circumstances leading up to humanity's ultimate defeat! And that was while she was still only a Baron!

He would never make the mistake of treating her like a side-character.

Even so, Jason grinned like an idiot. "A mistake?! Come on then, you weak little woman! Show the Archseer, humanity's greatest Trueborn, what you can do! Hahahaha!!!"

Ose's body snapped forward like an arrow loosed from a bow. She flew at Jason in a straight line so quickly that he couldn't even process her approach.

_THUMP!_

Ose spun her body at the last second and slammed her fist into the side of Jason's head, sending him careening to the right. His vision whirled wildly as he slammed against the ground, bounced, then spun multiple times in a row before crashing into a nearby Illuminati reinforcement who had just arrived. The impact of flesh against flesh broke multiple bones inside that man's body and knocked him unconscious as well.

Ose sneered. She turned to pursue the foe she'd just send flying, only for a flicker of energy to materialize behind her.

She ducked!

Ose moved with frightening speed, anticipating Cat Mask's teleportation as he swung the butt of his gun at the spot where her head just was. Instead, he whiffed the attack, and Ose swept her leg at his, intending to send him sprawling to the ground.

While Cat Mask's attack may have missed, he didn't fall for this trap. He anticipated her counter, then responded by hopping into the air, teleporting above her, and stomping his feet down at her head.

Ose's body flickered to the side. Cat Mask's feet passed through where she was just crouching and struck the concrete.

"Not bad." Ose hissed. "You're not very fast, but you're good at reading other people's movements."

Hideki Hiro narrowed his eyes under his mask. Ose naturally couldn't see this, but she sensed some tension in his movements as he realized she wasn't just speaking idle words.

Ose was a genius. She could uncover clues about people through the subtlest of movements, via the way they hesitated before speaking, and by the way in which they fought.

She was sussing him out; trying to determine what all his powers were.

That was the real reason Ose came here. Not to fight the two Trueborn for the sake of killing them, but mainly to collect intelligence. If she could take one or both of them out, that would simply be a juicy bonus.

What a terrifying foe!

In an instant, Ose pounced at Cat Mask again. She charged him at the speed of light, sending a kick flying at his head, but he anticipated this attack and shifted his body slightly to the right. However, the instant her kick barely missed him, a deafening thunderclap exploded from the sole of her shoes, stunning Cat Mask and forcing him to teleport away.

He flickered to the side and reeled for a moment, his ears nearly rupturing from the sound. Ose quickly picked out his new position, and her eyes narrowed.

_Intelligence is good and all, but if I can kill one of them... THAT WOULD BE EVEN BETTER!_

She zipped toward Cat Mask, ready to deliver a killing blow. Suddenly, Jason teleported into her path, his bo staff raised in a defensive position.

_Thump!_

Ose's fist struck the staff, but it held firm. Despite seemingly being made of wood, she instantly realized this was not the case! It was harder than demonstone... impossibly so!

Jason used the impact of Ose's fist against his staff to reverse its momentum and snap the other end up at her chin, but she simply bent her head backward and allowed it to miss by a millimeter. The very instant the staff missed, Ose rocked forward on the ball of her heels and slammed her forehead against Jason's.

She headbutted him!

The unexpected impact of Ose's skull battered Jason backward and sent him tumbling onto his father. Luckily, his body's weird resilience protected him from suffering a serious concussion, but it still threw him off-balance as the two Heroes fell atop one another.

_This is impossible!_ Jason thought. _It doesn't feel like Baron Ose is any weaker than she was as an Emperor. Her reaction speed is at a level even my dad can't keep up with while using his time slowdowns and rewinding tricks, let alone me! Was Ose always this deadly?_

Jason and his father had only traded a few attacks with Ose, but it was the son who realized how his original plan to respond to her threat with the maximum force still didn't take her seriously enough. She was way beyond what he had anticipated.

In truth, the evolution from Baron to Emperor didn't really grant Ose many new core abilities. It simply improved her raw mana output, and her body's physical capabilities. In terms of deadliness, she possessed the capacity to be as frightening as many Dukes and Emperors of this era!

Jason grinned like a madman. He leaped backward off his father, planted his staff in the ground, and yanked himself to his feet.

"You're not bad, Ose! Not bad at all!" Jason proclaimed in a manner most gaudy. He pointed a finger at her and puffed out his chest. "You might only be a Baron, but you're worth me using at least... thirteen percent of my power!"

Ose didn't look at Jason with mocking eyes. She stared at him in the same way a deadly serpent might, assessing his true threat and perhaps seeing through his words into the parts unspoken.

"You talk a lot." Ose said calmly. "And you say more than you think you do."

The corner of Jason's eye flickered. His smile faltered, ever so slightly.

_What did Ose mean by that?_

Cat Mask suddenly jumped up. He sent a powerful punch flying at the Demon Baron, but she simply spun in place, slapped his hand, and redirected his momentum. Then she sent a palm strike flying at his mask.

Jason's father bent his head at the last second. He avoided Ose's retaliatory strike, then batted her hand away with his elbow.

In an instant, the two started striking at each other, reacting and attacking at speeds that left the Illuminati soldiers gobsmacked! Palms crashed against palms. Arms became entangled, thunderclaps exploded, lightning bolts were followed by bullets that would have killed Ose if they struck, but they didn't.

Despite this flurry of attacks, neither combatant managed to injure the other. Jason watched with a mixture of awe and horror as he realized his father's empowered body and temporal slowdown abilities only barely made him able to match Ose. In terms of speed-reactions, in terms of sudden and instantaneous movements, Ose completely outclassed him. If Cat Mask didn't have the ability to slow his perception of time down to an absolute crawl, he would have lost a thousand times across a thousand battles!

Despite being unable to land a killing blow on the tenacious masked Hero, Ose did not lose her cool. Her battle intent always smoldered at a completely stable level. Unbeknownst to Jason and his father, Ose not only fought Cat Mask, but also kept a careful eye on the other human soldiers aiming guns at her. Though none of them fired, she was ready to escape the instant the situation turned dire.

In the middle of Ose and Cat Mask's furious melee, Jason teleported behind Ose, pinning her between himself and his father. Jason spun up his bo staff and swung it at her hips, but Ose flickered to the side, dodged the staff, then flickered back and karate chopped Jason's lungs. His vision went black as she blew the breath out of his body and sent him doubling over, while at the same time she redirected one of Cat Mask's kicks at Jason's face.

"Shit!" Cat Mask cursed. He readjusted his kick mid-movement and missed Jason's head, but Ose finally punished him for this mistake by flickering behind him, raising both fists, and slamming them down on the back of his head.

_Thump!_

She battered Cat Mask downward, collapsing him atop his son.

For a few seconds, the battlefield went still.

Ose breathed evenly. She wasn't winded at all. She had also completely trashed both Heroes, yet she came to realize that even if she landed her strongest attacks, they were clearly protected by some sort of invisible armor, or perhaps defensive enchantments. Jason himself kept getting up time and time again, yet his body appeared so frail that she realized this must be a deception.

Ose's mind moved quickly. She evaluated countless possible scenarios at a speed that would make many Psion Brain Enhancers look at her with deep respect.

Then, she made an important tactical choice.

She fled!

Ose abruptly became a beam of white light. She launched herself like a rocket diagonally into the northern skies, disappearing behind the clouds and leaving her dazed Heroic foes to pick themselves up.

"Sh-shit!" Jason shouted. "She's getting away! Fucking hell, stop her, you idiots!!"

The soldiers blinked. They started moving again, contacting their superiors to try and triangulate Ose's position.

Unfortunately, they failed.

Ose was fast. Lightning fast. She had spent hundreds of years developing a combat system focused on punishing opponents who were slower than her, and she made good use of that system today against two otherwise formidable foes.

The only reason she had to depart without finishing the job was because she was too weak to kill them! Perhaps in the future, she would rectify this shortcoming.

Jason barked orders. He sent Illuminati guards in every direction, fanning out to check the woods. At the same time, he stormed over to one of the commanders who had somehow miraculously survived the initial demonic onslaught.

"YOU!!" Jason roared. "Is this all the god damn Illuminati is capable of?! I expected better!!"

"Sir?" The man asked, flinching under Jason's tirade.

"What the fuck do you mean _sir_? Sir, WHAT?!" Jason shouted even louder. "You let her get away! Why didn't you shoot Ose while she was trying to escape?! Is this all just a fucking joke to you?!"

Never had the poor man felt so aggrieved. _Why are you yelling at me? You told us not to fire! This is your fault, you stupid, moronic, idiot of a Trueborn!_

But he didn't dare vocalize those words. Jason may have gotten his ass kicked by a mere Baron, but he was clearly in such a rage that he might snap and pulverize the commander into meat paste if the guy pissed him off!

"I-I'm sorry, sir... it w-won't... happen again..." The man said, trying not to cry pitiful tears over the unfairness of the situation.

At that moment, the man received a transmission through his earpiece that made him want to curl up into a ball and die. Feeling even more aggrieved, he looked at Jason with eyes begging for sympathy.

"S-sir...?"

"That's LORD ARCHSEER to you, weakling!" Jason shouted back.

"Yes, Lord Archseer, sir... we've just received word... Baron Ose hacked our internal computer network. She stole hundreds of thousands of files. In-including the ones... detailing your Heroic Abilities."

Jason jolted backward. His eyes buzzed as if he'd been struck by thunder.

"She DID?! You fucking IMBECILES! All you Illuminati morons! How could you let her do that?! You told me you had really good anti-hacking technology and all that fancy stuff!! If the demons know all my powers, they'll be able to plot against me! How could you screw up this badly?!"

Jason stomped from side to side. He grabbed and pulled his hair, raging at the pure incompetency of the Illuminati and how painfully useless and unreliable they were. All the while, the soldiers looked at him as if they were looking at the most incompetent asshole on the planet.

_Why is he blaming us? We told him not to put those files on the network! This is all his fault, not ours!_

Inside the Haven, Victoria Rothschild slumped at the security camera desk. Her expression was one of defeat.

"Gods... he's such a fool... I can't believe the ancestors chose to believe in him. We're doomed. Now the demons know everything about him. I just can't believe how little accountability he's willing to take for his own actions."

Claire sat next to Victoria. She sipped some tea from a cup, and looked surprisingly unperturbed.

"Mmm-hmm, yup, he's definitely an idiot, cousin. Definitely. Mhm."

Her sarcasm went undetected. Victoria's doom and gloom was too serious to pay attention to any irregularities in Claire's tone of voice. Claire ended up shrugging her shoulders and sipping more tea.

...

Unnoticed by the humans, a phantasmal body levitated in the sky. Ose, having escaped in an instant, quickly hid herself in the nearby forest, placing her body within some dense foliage before sending her Astral Form back to the scene. She carefully entered the surface level of the Haven once more, observing all of Jason Hiro's ranting and raving, as well as the dismal expressions of the guards on scene. As if confirming something to herself, she nodded slowly, then returned back to her body before leaving again.

Some time later, Ose regrouped with the other demons. They perked up when she approached, but all of them seemed to be in low spirits. Lucifer was up and about again, with Belial being the most likely person to have extracted the bullet from her throat that had rendered her unconscious. Belial sat on a tree stump, Murmur sat up in a tree branch, and Abby sat on the ground, dejected. Ose only spotted her brother lurking behind a tree, out of sight, when she deliberately tried to locate him. He was talented at meekly blending into the background.

"Ose." Belial said, from her spot on the tree stump. "Tell me you have good news."

Ose didn't respond for a few seconds. She looked around the group, seeming to ponder something unspoken.

"It could be good news." Ose said, stroking her chin slowly. "Or it might not. I managed to steal the majority of the Illuminati's files. In terms of reconnaissance, I'd say this mission should be graded a complete success. I initiated battle against the Archseer and Cat Mask, and I used the data I obtained to cross-correlate it with their performance. Everything about Jason lined up perfectly."

"It did?" Belial asked. "Well, at least we know our enemy better."

Belial lowered her head in relief, but Ose narrowed her eyes.

"Assuming the files are to be believed, the Archseer is a Hero who possesses an ability referred to as Dream Eating. When he sleeps, he is able to enter a dream world related tangentially to ours. He can 'devour' dream knowledge about combat, warfare, tactics, technology, and all sorts of other things. Most notably, he can also obtain information about his enemies... as well as knowledge of the future."

Belial frowned. She lifted her head again and met Ose's eyes. "You sound unconvinced."

"I am simply working off a hypothesis." Ose said, softening her expression. "Let's say there is currently a... five percent chance... portions of this information may have been be falsified. Either deliberately or accidentally."

Lucifer stood nearby, leaning against a tree. She looked at her daughter curiously.

"Meaning?"

"Meaning some of the Archseer's abilities may not be what they seem, or what the internal files claim." Ose said. "The Dream Eating is likely true, but some of these other data points are deceptive. Take for example one entry which lists him as having enhanced durability."

Ose crossed her arms.

"I believe this to be a deliberate lie. Jason Hiro is certainly durable, but that power is _not_ his own. I believe he was augmented by another Hero during my battle. Perhaps one of the Heroic Ancestors."

Abby looked at Ose. She was uncharacteristically somber compared to her usual self. "Those were only two of the Heroes though. We still have a third to deal with."

Ose blinked her eyes. She slowly shook her head.

"No. I was wrong before. There are only _two_ Trueborn."

"Only two?" Belial asked. "Wait, what makes you say that?"

Ose once again paused. She looked around at her comrades and smirked.

"Oh, you lot haven't figured it out yet? You are truly too slow of mind. Think for a moment. What reason did I give for there being another yet-unknown Hero in addition to Cat Mask but prior to Jason's arrival?"

The other demons metaphorically scratched their head. Surprisingly, it was Murmur, sitting up on a tree branch, who offered her take.

"Teleportation..." Murmur said quietly.

"Very good, Emperor Murmur!" Ose praised. "That's right. Cat Mask was estimated to be a Hero who possessed some sort of perfect accuracy ability when it came to firearms, as well as quick reaction speeds. I confirmed both of those during the battle, but you should have ALL seen him teleporting not only himself, but Jason Hiro around."

Ose held up her hands.

"So... there it is! It turns out Cat Mask has been carefully hiding his ability to teleport all these years, waiting for an opportunity to catch us off-guard. Now that we know this, we can piece together that he was the only Hero until recently, and now his son has also been Uplifted. That means the Heroic Aura _has_ somehow become a bloodline ability, but so far there are only two inheritors. Cat Mask and Jason Hiro are likely the son and grandson of Harold Whittaker. We have one less target to take out."

A collective sigh of relief went up among the demons. Ose's words truly released some of the pressure they had been feeling.

"But don't underestimate this Archseer." Ose warned. "He may seem stupid and oafish, but the fact I was able to obtain all these files is extremely suspicious. I believe Ancestor Mildred is secretly helping him!"

"Mad Madam Mildred?" Lucifer asked.

"That's right, mother." Ose explained. "There is a plot brewing. I am not certain of all the details, but we must exercise extreme caution around the ancient Wise Ones. Solomon, Mildred, Nebuchadnezzar, and Hammurabi are not to be trifled with."

She continued. "I believe Mildred planted false information regarding Jason's abilities. She is trying to deceive us, to give us a false impression of his strength. In reality, he might be two, even three times stronger than what he displayed today. Should anyone here encounter him in the future, assume he might be hiding other abilities, either equally as deadly, or even more so."

After concluding her immediate analysis of the recent battle, Ose straightened her posture and popped her back.

"Let's call this mission a success for now. But Belial? You and I need to have a talk."

Belial raised an eyebrow. "About what?"

"About me paying a visit to the First Emperor." Ose said cryptically. "There is a _very_ important matter I need to bring up with Satan."

Belial and Ose stared at one another for a few seconds. They seemed to exchange words with their mere expressions.

Belial looked down, closed her eyes, and nodded.

"I believe he will be... agreeable to what you seek."

Ose grinned. "_Good._ It's in demonkind's best interests. That much should be obvious, after today."