Hey, mom. It's me. Glorpazorp!

It's been a couple weeks and I'm still here on Earth, that pathetic mudhole the higher-ups are preparing to excavate. This planet is absolutely LOADED with diamonds, gold, and dirt! Wow, you would not _believe_ how much dirt this planet has. We're gonna strike it rich!

But that's not why I'm writing you. Nah, I wanted to tell you about the morons running this planet. We call them 'Earthlings' but they call themselves 'Humans.' Let me tell you, mom, these humans are the biggest bunches of idiots I've ever seen. They're dumber than Klaxons, and nobody is dumber than a Klaxon!

I was walking around, wearing my human-skin like always, when I strode into this building with a bunch of colorful, primitive machines out front. See, these humans, they move around in combustible machines known as "Fords". I knew that to blend in, I had to make sure I got myself a nice, stealthy vehicle, so I carefully picked out a bright red one. You might not know this, but all humans are colorblind, so I won't stand out at all! They literally just throw random colors on everything because they can't tell the difference.

Stupid humans!

So there I was, walking around nonchalantly inside this 'Ford Dealership,' laughing to myself as all the humans inside looked at me and whispered how attractive I was. A male human walked up, and he was visibly trembling as he greeted me. (because of my really muscular body, which even has two extra arms to help me blend in with the locals)

I exchanged the standard human greeting, known as a 'belch' and sat in an extremely tiny chair to discuss with the man the terms of purchase for one of these bright red Fords. The funniest bit comes here, where I pointed at one of the red vehicles and commented, "That's a red one, just in case you didn't know" and the poor little guy could only nod along to my words! (Nodding is a movement humans do when they barely understand what you're saying; it's so they can save face and not look dumb)

The guy gives me a contract (piece of paper with human words on it) and had me sign on the dotted line. Naturally, I knew I could trick the human, so I read through the contract and laughed evilly to myself. These guys were giving me an interest rate of 12%! They were going to give me free money while I paid for the Ford! Stupid, I know. I demanded he raise the interest rate to 30%, and naturally, the human covered his mouth and started wheezing from pain. He was dumbfounded by my genius and immediately made the changes to the Ford contract.

In the end, I only had to pay $75,000 for a brand new red Ford, but I earn 30% interest on it every year!

Stupid humans!

Afterward, I went home. As you know, I have a job as a SEE-EE-OH in this company called Facebook. Well, after making my way to my room, I sat down and had a delicious cup of dirt (seriously, you can just scoop the stuff off the ground; it's crazy!) while checking my email. Lo and behold, I found another idiot human!

This man emailed me. For the low price of only two thousand human dollars, he would send me more than ten million human dollars in return! All I had to do was wait three weeks for my money to travel overseas (he lives in Nigeria, which is funny because most humans think it's a poor country! I'm telling you, these guys are all idiots!) and then bam! I'll make a lot of money without any effort!

Stupid humans!

Incidentally, there's a game the humans are playing right now, all of them at once. It's called 'Covid.' Try not to laugh, mom, but this is really funny. The humans actually think there are tiny invisible monsters that attack their bodies, and these monsters are called germs. _Germs!_ That's hilarious!

Everywhere I go, I see humans wearing face masks to protect themselves from these tiny, insignificant little germs. How do they know these things exist? They don't! The humans literally just make up stuff for no reason. 

Anyway, I wasn't going to play along with their stupid games, so I've just decided not to wear a mask. I'm not afraid of tiny little fake monsters!

Stupid humans!

Okay, maybe you think the humans aren't quite as stupid as the Klaxons. I mean, you and I can both see they're pretty stupid, but now comes the best part of all.

One human I know, named Mark, he told me about this super secret thing he's been working on. He calls it 'a Money Pyramid.' All I have to do is sell products to people and make them '5th level initiates', and then they sell products to people who become '6th level initiates,' and so on! The money travels upstream, making me filthy rich!

What makes the humans stupid though is that all of them try to avoid the Money Pyramid! How dense do you have to be to turn down easy, free money?! 

I'm telling you, mom. Give us ten years and we'll own this whole planet. My buddy, Gling Gling, he's started giving money to these internet accounts to double his bitcoin (alternate human money, it's complicated), so now he and I are having a competition to see who can make the most money off these humans. It's gonna be great!

I've suddenly started having a hard time breathing, so I need to catch my breath.

Love you, gotta go. 

...Stupid humans!