Cryoverse EU: Romance Buds in Christmas

The snow crunches underneath my boots, compacting and solidifying into the patterns of my soles, each step an accident waiting to happen, and I trudge through the doors in front of my local bakery. They're open 24/7, even on holidays, which is good because I crave muffins at the most inconvenient times.

It's freezing outside, but it feels colder than it actually is. Only a couple inches of snow fell over the last few days, but I guess that still counts for a white Christmas. The man behind the counter hands me my muffins and chuckles. "You're a weird one, David. You should be with family right now, not hanging out here."

I reach over and slap a twenty on the counter, then grab the half-dozen freshly baked blueberry muffins, ripping off a piece of the closest one and tossing it back. 

"Can't help it, Philip. I've got work." _And the family I care about died years ago,_ I think to myself. I'm not gonna tell him that.

"On Christmas? C'mon, man. You keep up that pace, you won't have time for a wife and kids."

He's right. Doesn't matter, though. I'm pushing thirty. No time for that stuff. Philip wouldn't understand what my job is like.

"Yeah, haha." I let out a nervous chuckle, trying not to let my voice crack. "Maybe next Christmas I'll take a day off."

Philip shakes his head slowly at me and rolls his eyes. "Such a workaholic."

"Yeah? You're working in the bakery today. What's that say about you?"

"Shut up. Nobody likes a smartass." He hands me my change. "Enjoy the muffins. Merry Christmas."

"Merry Christmas." I leave him behind as he _tsks_ at me, and step out into the dark of the night. The streetlamps are poorly maintained around here, so the only thing that lights up my path is the Moon, but at least with all the snow it's easy to see where I'm going.

Minutes pass, as I polish off one muffin after the next. I need to eat better. I need to do a lot of things better. No time. Never enough time. It's easy to say to myself "You need to exercise, David" but a lot harder to put it into practice. Twenty-four hours in a day, a man has to sacrifice something if he wants to get anything done.

The local Samaritan Church rings its bells as I walk by, almost as if to signal my passing. Nah, that isn't right. If god wanted to signal my importance, he'd find some other way to do it. I'm not a key player in the game of life. Nobody is, I suppose. We're born, we live, and we die. Nothing we do really matters.

Huh, if that's the case, maybe Philip's onto something. I'm out here slaving my ass off working like my life depends on it, and he works in a nice warm bakery. I've seen his wife, too. Roxanne. She's a hottie. Natural red hair, those soft curls she always takes care of, and a face you want to protect with your life. Philip's a lucky guy. That ain't me, though. Work work work, that's me.

"David?" A voice from my right makes me whirl to see who said it. A girl I don't recognize stares at me from the darkness, leaning on a rail from the church's porch. She's a little above me, so I can't make out her face, but her voice sounds familiar.

"Uh, yeah. Who's asking?"

Her breath warms the air in front of her, puffing up a small cloud that vanishes a moment later. "You don't... remember me?" 

I squint, but I can't quite make out her face. Shrugging, I trudge across the church lawn the twelve feet until I'm standing underneath her, as she's on a platform three feet in the air.

"Oh, Millie?" Her soft brown eyes and matching hair, spilling out of her beanie, make me do a double-take. "Well, damn. How are you? I haven't seen you since high school."

"Same." She glances at the muffin in my hand and smiles sweetly. "Out for a quick snack?"

"Yeah. What about you? Isn't the church closed?"

"Mhm." She walks to the side and down the stairs from the church and trudges through the snow over to me. "I'm friends with the minister. He's going to be here in a few minutes to let me in. Want to go in with me when he gets here?"

"Uhh..." I pause, unsure of how to answer. I need to get home and work on some documents, but on the other hand... "...Yeah, that sounds good. I haven't seen anyone from school in years. Probably because this is Colorado, haha."

"Yeah. Long way from New York." She giggles quietly, and for a moment I see a glimpse of sadness in her eyes. It passes. "What happened to you? After you graduated, you vanished out of nowhere."

"Ah, it's nothing, really. Got a job with the government. I'm a top secret spy now, so I do all sorts of crazy stunts, stuff like that." I try not to laugh, knowing she won't believe me. The fact that my job is so absurd means everyone always assumes I'm joking when I tell them about it.

"Wow, sounds like you moved up in the world. I'm unemployed, right now. I can't hold down a job." I'm surprised to see that she believes me, or at least pretends to. Yeah, she's just pretending. Some people are nice and go along with the joke, and that's just the kind of girl Millie is. "Looks like you've got your life together."

Before I can respond, my holo-watch beeps audibly and I grimace. I quickly activate the holographic display and tap the air to silence it, and Millie follows my movements to stare at my watch. "Wow, you weren't kidding. That's quite the gadget."

"It's nothing special, really. Civilians will get them in the next couple of years anyway. Forget my dumb job, how's your dad? Is he still playing poker for pink slips?"

Millie's smile slowly fades. "Oh. Um, that's the- that's why I come to church, David. My dad died three Christmases ago. Mom died when I was a kid... only child... no family. You know how it is."

An awful guilt spreads out over my shoulders, and I lower my gaze. "Yeah, I do. Sorry- I didn't know."

"It's fine. You couldn't know. I heard about your mom, too. I'm sorry about your loss."

"I wasn't really close to my mom. It's no big deal." Partially true, but I did know her for the last two years before she passed. Lung cancer. Too many cigarettes. A cliche ending, one that many people have experienced just as I have. Even my family members die in the most boring ways.

Millie and I stare at each other for a moment, before she blushes and looks away. "Well, we both have our tragedies. Maybe that's why we're both standing out in the cold during Christmas."

"Yeah, you're probably onto something-" I'm interrupted as my holo-watch goes off again. This time I glance at the caller ID and confirm it's Roland. "Ahh... it's work. He'll keep bugging me if I don't take the call. Just uh, give me a minute, okay?"

Millie folds her arms together and shivers as a gust of especially cold wind hits us. "Y-yeah. I understand."

I activate my earpiece and answer the call. "Roland, this better be important. It's Christmas. I'm trying to-"

"Where the hell have you been?! I've called you umpteen fuckin' times! Get your goddamn ass to HQ right now! This is-"

"Roland, c'mon man, someone else can do it. Can this wait for just one day? I need-"

"No it cannot goddamn fuckin' wait! This is a red-level emergency! It's-" Roland pauses and yells something unintelligible to someone offscreen. Suddenly his voice clears up and I hear him yell out "What do you mean they're activating it? They already did? No! Double check the readings!"

In the darkness of the night, every light in every house on the city block goes dark. My heart stops. Millie shivers and looks around. "A power outage?"

Suddenly, as if the Sun had appeared out of nowhere, a fantastically bright light shines from the sky. Millie and I both yell in alarm and look away, shielding our eyes. The line goes dead and my earpiece screams in protest, letting out a high-pitched whine that nearly deafens me. 

A moment later, the light dims, only to brighten again and again. I quickly pull sunglasses out of my pocket and squint to look up at the sky.

My blood freezes. The Moon, once a beacon of light, is ten times brighter than usual. Massive explosions, as if a thousand atomic bombs were detonating at once, cover its surface. Every inch of the Moon is illuminated, and a few moments later, a bigger explosion than ever blasts the moon apart with terrific force, ripping it into pieces and chunks, each one the size of a small country. 

And just as quickly as the explosions began, they vanish. The Moon is no longer visible. Thousands of specks illuminate the night sky.

Millie finally looks up, and gasps. "What... what just happened? David?"

"I... I... I don't..." I grasp for words, trying to put them in order, but I can't comprehend what I'm looking at.

Millie and I stare, speechless, at the sky. The lights in the buildings nearby eventually flicker back on, and eventually my watch activates again. This time, I answer it immediately.

Roland doesn't sound angry anymore. Instead, defeat fills his voice. "You saw it, right?"

"Fuck yeah, I did. What- where did the Moon go?"

"If we had gotten you in a space-suit, you could have stopped this. Too late now, David. Jump over to HQ as soon as you can. Within the next twenty-four hours, the debris will rain down and... I don't want to think about it. Use your imagination. Roland out."

Millie trembles, but not because of the cold. "David... I'm scared. What's going on?"

"It's a doomsday scenario. I never thought this would happen, not in my lifetime. Millie, do you have a basement at your place?" 

She shakes her head.

"Okay, do you know someone who does?"

A nod.

"Great. Tell them to get people together, stockpile as much food and water as possible, and hunker down inside."

Haha... like that will protect her. Just one big chunk of the moon moving at subsonic velocity will probably wipe out the east coast, if not the entire continent. Even if she survives a week after the impact...

I don't want to think about it. 

"Hey, David, I know it's bad." Millie bows her head and her shaking slows to a stop. "There's nothing to worry about. If we don't make it through this, it's okay. Don't beat yourself up."

"Yeah. Thanks, Millie. It was... it was good talking to you."

She smiles at me. "Maybe the universe wants us apart, you know? We finally see each other again and the Moon explodes. Life's funny like that."

Man. I wonder when she became a sage. 

A moment passes, and she turns away from me. "Well, um... yeah. Bye, David."

"Goodbye, Millie." She slowly starts to trudge away through the snow, each footstep leaving an imprint behind.

A trail that leads right to her.

A trail I can follow, but only if I choose.

I turn to look up at the sky. What is the meaning of life? If the Earth is going to have hellfire rain down on its surface, then what can I do to stop it? I'm just a human.

But Millie... I can do something for her. I don't have to keep pretending. The world's about to end, anyway.

"Hey- Hey Millie! Wait up a second."

She pauses to look back at me. "Yeah?"

"I shouldn't have left after high school. I've missed you a lot."

The longing in her eyes draws me to her. "You don't have to go now, David. It's okay to be selfish, just this once."

Yeah. Millie's right. I'm going to be selfish.

I quickly jog over to her and embrace her, our shivering bodies blocked by the coats that push us apart. "I love you."

I drop my holo-watch on the snow, and stomp it until it creaks. Fuck the government... I'm working for me, now.