One-Offs: Buyable Power

WRITING PROMPT: In a future universe super powers are available for purchase. However it costs $250,000 and you cannot pick your power, it's decided based on personality and physical attributes. You have finally saved up enough money...

The day before my 25th birthday. That's when it happened. My whole life, I'd always been in a rush. Go from here to there, always trying to get the next big promotion at my job, always working hard to impress others. I never really had time for family and friends.

But the day before my 25th birthday, my grandfather died. I loved him so much. I was never there for him. I always wanted to call, but I just never had the time. I didn't have a wife or kids, I was just... _busy_. I was always busy.

So when I got the call from the local hospital that he had suffered cardiac arrest, I was devastated. For once, I stopped rushing around. Grief overwhelmed me. I slowly drove my car to the hospital. Grandpa was dead now and I hadn't spoken to him in over 5 months. Mom and dad died when I was little, and grandma had died shortly after they took me in. He always smiled though, he never let me see the pain. Grandpa was always good to me, and what did I ever do for him? Nothing. I'm no good. I'm just worthless.

The lawyers came later on, telling me about the inheritance. He left me a lot of money. Almost $200,000. How long had he been saving up for it? But that wasn't the part that finally broke me down. It was the letter he'd written in his will.

_"Jonathan. I've always loved you so much. After Mary passed, I was always holding back the tears. You were the only thing that made my life worth living. I know you've been busy, so I was aiming to save up and get you a special surprise. I know you love helping people at your job. Being a pediatrician takes a lot of hard work and putting in the long hours._

_But I wanted you to know that you can really help a lot of people now. More than you've ever known. If you're reading this letter, it means I have died. I don't know if I was able to save up enough, but I hope I was. There's an operation you can get from the Luthorian Hospital. It will change you. My grandfather did the operation for me, and I had a good run in my younger years. Now it's time to pass it on to you._ 

_Take care, your grandather, Jim."_

I knew what grandpa was talking about. The operation to gain super abilities. It was very expensive, and always had a major effect on the world when someone used it. I didn't know that my grandfather had been a S-Citizen, as we called them, but if that was what he wanted for me, how could I deny him? What right did I have?

He left me $200,000. That was a lot of money, but it was more than 50 grand short. That's okay, I'll take it out of my savings. I'll be dead broke, but if that's what Grandpa Jim wanted, I'd do it.

------------------

A week later, I had the operation. The doctors warned me it would take time for the ability or abilities to kick in. But that's the funny thing, isn't it? Time. It turns out my ability was super speed. It didn't work out as you'd expect though. People think super-speed means you run really fast. What it really means though is that your perception of time and the world around you slows to a complete stop.

Nobody moves around anymore. I was always fast, but now I'm beyond fast. It's been 40 years. My body has aged but time has not moved. The children are still frozen playing at the park. The apple falling from the tree hasn't moved an inch. The president is still stuck mid-sentence in a keynote address. Nothing changes, but still my body ages. I can only get by by eating the unspoiled food from grocery stores. I've eaten out two major cities and a few smaller metropolitan areas by this point. People are going to have a rude shock the instant I die and time returns to normal.

It's kind of funny when you think about it. My whole life before the operation, I rushed to get things done. I rushed so fast that I never had time to think about what really mattered. Now that I move at the speed of light, I have all the time in the world but nobody to share it with.

The more I think about it, the more I realize... nothing has really changed. I'm just more aware than ever of how flawed I am. If there is a god, he's having a good laugh now.