WRITING PROMPT: You've stumbled across Death Note's younger cousin, Mild Inconvenience Note.

..................................................

I ran for my life, past bushes and over fences into yards I normally wouldn't think of entering. I don't know who is stalking me, or how they're doing it, but I know they exist. Nobody believes me. "It's all in your head, Steven." They think I'm crazy, but I'm not! Whoever is doing these horrible things to me is- AH!

I suddenly stumble and fall forwards on hard concrete, slamming my knee into the ground, painfully. My knee bone grinds against the hard concrete like a paint scraper on a century-old finish. Jerking my head back, I quickly scan my surroundings. What the hell tripped me? Oh, it's my shoelaces... they're somehow tied together. That's definitely impossible, or at least it should be.

Quickly untying my shoelaces from each other, my eyes jerk to and fro as I feel my breathing speeding up. Are they close? Far? Is this the work of the devil? Have I angered the gods in the sky?

Getting up, I rub my knee quickly to soothe my joints before taking off again. Rushing out of the yard, I zip past an elderly couple who are aghast that a young man is running across their lawn without permission. Like I care! There's a stalker trying to ruin my life!

Bolting out onto the street, I scream in alarm as a massive delivery truck comes barrelling at me! At the last second, it swerves to the side, narrowly avoiding me by inches. Luckily these back streets in this quiet rural neighborhood don't have other cars around very often!

Quickly stepping back onto the sidewalk, I reach into my pocket. Gotta grab my phone and dial 911 to- wait, where's my phone?! Oh, wait, there it is. Laying only ten feet behind me, it somehow flew out of my pocket and into the grass. A mild inconvenience, but it could have been worse.

Grabbing my phone, I tap the screen only to find that the battery is at 3%! But I had it charging all night! How is this possible?!

"Nine... one... one..." I quickly tap the numbers on the screen, feeling my heart pause for a split second as a dial tone is heard. Thank god, the police. Even if they don't believe me, maybe they can put me in custody to protect me from- what?

_Your call could not be completed._ The dial tone ends abruptly. Glancing at my phone, I curse, seeing the local cell signals are down to just one bar. Whatever, the cops wouldn't help me anyway! Everyone thinks I'm crazy!

Dashing down the street, I continue to flee from whatever silent specter is haunting me.

............................................

An old man sits on his porch, a few blocks away, as his cool new drone follows his grandson around from high in the sky. Chuckling quietly to himself, he jots down another sentence as the young man hastily tucks his phone into his pocket. "That's what you get for not getting me a Christmas present."