_July 4th, 2001_

There he is. The kid I've been tailing for a week or so. I know the route he takes to and from school like the back of my hand. Of course I do, since it's the same path I used to take. Cut down Main, and there's a little dirt path off to the side. It's supposed to be for bikes but the tire poppers are everywhere. If you wanted your mom and dad to yell at you, blowing out your third tire is the way to go.

But not this kid. He walks home. Mom and dad ain't together anymore. His mom ain't got the money to afford something fancy like a bike, she's too busy trying to put food on the table.

The kid slides down the dirt a couple feet and keeps walking, kicking the briar thorns out of his way. His shoes have holes in them, and his backpack is a hand-me-down from his second brother. Two ugly green patches are stitched on top of the faded blue that used to be a decent Salvation Army bargain bin book-holder. That backpack has seen better days.

Too bad. All the rest of the kid's clothes are in bad shape too. It's a hot summer day, but the holes in his T-shirt's armpits tell a story all unto themselves. He's only thirteen, so once puberty hits, those arms are going to be slick with sweat.

I keep my distance, watching from the air-conditioned comfort of my rental car. It's a nice Honda, with the latest in CD-player advancements. Nothing like what I'm used to, but for this day and age, it's top of the line. I pull up my binoculars and stare. The kid's walking slower than usual. Did he get in a fight? Hard to tell. I don't see any injuries. He ain't limping. Wonder what's the deal with him.

I should stop waiting and just grab him. Everything hinges on this. If the others get to him, I'm in for a world of hurt. The stupid little asshole doesn't even know what's going on. I probably shouldn't say that about him since he's just a kid, but dammit I've been wasting too much time. I only have a couple months left.

It would be best if the boy, Nick, was cooperative. If he puts up a fight and tries to run, it'll cause no end to my troubles... and his.

I push the car forward slowly and grunt as he walks behind a rather tall hedge. It runs all the way down the street, and for once this isn't a route he normally takes. With the sun beating down like it is today, he's probably taking a longer route to stay in the shade.

I drive the long way around the bike track and soon the hedge comes into view. Nick isn't there, though. Slippery little cunt.

If I lose him, it's no big deal, I guess. I know where he lives, and what school he goes to.

I reach down and tap my arm. "Rigel, are there any heat signatures in the immediate area?"

He beeps softly in response. "There are thirteen within a two block radius. One is three feet away."

"Huh? Three feet? But that's-" I lift my gaze up from my arm and feel my heart tremble slightly.

The kid is standing beside my door, staring at me silently. He reaches up and taps my window.

I... what do I do? I didn't expect him to see me. I definitely didn't think he'd confront me. A bead of sweat falls down my neck, but I roll my window down anyway. "What's up, kid?"

"Hey... mister. You lost?" His voice is curious. He doesn't appear to realize I've been following him. He pulls back a patch of his curly black hair from in front of his ear, then mops his head with his arm.

"Uh, not really. Why do you ask?"

"Oh. I always see you driving around this time of day. I figured you were looking for someone. Would you mind giving me a ride home? I'm hot as hell."

What? Is he serious? "Uh, didn't your mother ever tell you about getting in stranger's cars?"

"Hmm. Yeah, she did. Still, you don't feel like a stranger to me."

Jeez. He's barely a teenager and already he's perceiving things others would have trouble seeing. "Well, truthfully, you're right. I'm not a stranger. Get in, I'll take you home."

He nods and walks around the front and over to the passenger side, but jerks his hand back as he touches the handle. "Ah! It's hot!"

"Sorry. Here." I lean over and pull the handle to open it for him, and he smiles slightly at me as he gets in. I start to tell him to buckle his seatbelt, but he's already on it. "Good kid."

I shift the car into Drive, and soon we're cruising along at a steady 30MPH. "You know where I live, right?"

His question makes me raise an eyebrow. "Yeah." I turn to look at him, but the bored expression hasn't left his face.

"I had a dream once. I dreamed that the world was ending, and that only I could save it."

"Lots of kids have stupid dreams."

My response doesn't deter him. "I asked myself in the dream, 'if I could go back and change everything, would I'?"

I chuckle. "You're a creative thinker, Nick. Where'd you come up with a thought like that?"

"I like watching time travel movies. Back to the Future is my favorite."

"Back to the Future is _everyone's_ favorite." I take a right and pull onto a highway. We're already moving fast enough that his house will be only a minute or two away, just off the beaten path. "It sounds like you know who I am already, then."

"A man came to my house, one month ago. He told me 'you did it'. I thought about it for days, and finally realized what he meant."

My heart is in my throat now. I swallow hard. "You're joking, right? You mean... he actually..."

"Yeah." The kid smiles at me. "You and I are the same person, after all. I always knew I'd come back and change things."

I pull over and stop a half block from his house. "Look, Nick, I didn't expect you to... accept this so easily. But you already know why I'm here, so why did you wait a week to greet me?"

He shrugs, but doesn't make a move to get out of the car and walk home. "Does the future really need to be changed?"

"It does. A major terrorist attack will alter the world in just a couple of months. It is the first domino to fall, and in thirty-five years, the escalation of conflict caused by it will create the third, and final, World War."

He twiddles his fingers together thoughtfully. "Isn't it a paradox if both of us team up? Why do I have to go with you?"

"You're my Kryptonite. If someone figures out who I am and they kill you, it will kill me as well. I have to protect you to protect myself."

This seems to satisfy him. "I'm not complaining. I get to help fix the future, after all. But what about mom? She'll be all alone without me. You know how she is."

"I'll make a replica that looks and acts just like you. She won't be able to tell the difference."

This draws a look of amusement. "Yeah, she will. She's Mom, after all."

I sigh and lean all the way back against the comfortable leather. "When was I ever this mature? I was always a dorky nerd. Never got along with anybody."

"That was you, not me. Once I learned I was a time-traveler, I had to do my research. I don't have time for the other kids. Let's get on with this."

I rub my eyes and turn to look at him. "Got any questions, before we go and save the world?"

"A few." He holds up fingers and stares off into space thoughtfully, as if counting off a mental list. "Are conspiracies real?"

That's a hell of an opening question. "Uh, most of them, yeah. Why?"

"So... Area 51? The aliens?"

"Definitely real. Well, the aliens I'm not sure about, but it's a facility for top secret government testing."

"Who killed JFK?"

"His wife. The setup was so elaborate nobody saw the gun in her hand."

"You're kidding."

"Nope."

He pauses thoughtfully. "Are the Illuminati real?"

"Of course. They're just small fry though, they were bought out by Exxon-Mobil twenty-five years ago."

"Chemtrails?"

"Yup."

He sucks in a breath. "S-so, the moon landing..."

"Totally fake. Come on, the lander was made of tin foil. It was _so_ obvious. We did actually land on the moon in 2025 though, turns out it's full of diamonds."

"You're definitely lying now."

"Maybe."

I reach down and tap on my arm. "Rigel, how many humans survived the fallout from World War III?"

There's a short pause. "Thirteen thousand, six hundred seventy five."

My younger self stares at me silently. "You weren't joking. If we don't stop the world from ending, humanity is doomed."

"Don't worry about it, kid. All I have to do is stop the world's most perfectly coordinated terrorist attack of all time, involving multiple airliners, tens of thousands of pounds worth of TNT, a coverup the government shouldn't be capable of, and hundreds of assassinations to keep the people who knew about it quiet."

He reaches over and opens his door to step out. "I kinda grow up to be a badass, don't I?"

"I'll take the compliment. Go tell our mother bye."

"Yeah."

The door slams behind him and I watch in silence as he jogs to his house, probably to get whatever things he needs for our long journey ahead.