Part 09: One-Offs - Summoned Succubus

WRITING PROMPT: When you were a teenager, you performed a demon summoning ritual that didn't work. Years later, the paperwork got approved in the underworld, and your new guest won't leave until you make a deal.

I consider myself to be the greatest man of all time. By this point in my life, I've already accomplished many incredible things. I'm getting older now, and thanks to all my money and power, I can live out the rest of my days in relative ease.

At least, I could have... but that's when The Bitch arrived. I mean, she was one hot piece of ass, believe me, I know about those. I've been around the block a few times. When you're rich, it's pretty easy to get a lady in the mood.

But this girl, oh boy. She was quite good looking, standing just a shade under 6 feet tall, with her blonde hair and soft brown eyes, she was easily the most beautiful woman I've ever met. But, see, the problem is... she's a demon. And she came here to ruin EVERYTHING.

"Darling, it seems the papers finally got filed in the Fortress of Hell. Sorry it took so long." Her tail flits back and forth cutely, and the red horns on her head make her demonic persona quite evident.

"The hell are you talking about? What papers?" I eyeball her suspiciously, my eyes flitting down to her exceptional cleavage. God, she is _so_ hot.

"The papers you filed with the Demon's Grant A Wish Society! You were picked to win the raffle, it just took us a little while. Sorry about that. You remember right? You wanted fame, money, power... all that good stuff!"

I blinked at her slowly, my aging old mind trying to remember what the hell she was talking about.

Then it hit me.

"Are you crazy? I was ten years old! It's been damn near 60 years, you're way too late! I'm already the best looking, wealthiest man on the planet!"

She grimaces, baring her teeth slightly. "Yikes. You do look pretty good for your age... I didn't realize it had been that long. Sorry."

"Damn right I do. Anyway, you're too late, so just go away. Your services won't be needed." I find my eyes glancing down at her sweet ass again. _Well, maybe don't walk away too quickly, heh heh._

"Mmm, yeah, can't do that, honey. Rules are rules. You made the verbal contract already, so I'm stuck with you until I can make you rich and powerful."

"You're kidding, right? That couldn't have been legally binding. I was like ten, lady."

"It's 'Eve', dearest, not 'lady'. Please call me by my name. Anyway, you can get a lawyer if you want, but it's not up for debate. No matter how rich and powerful you are now, the contract takes effect today. Therefore, I have to make you even more rich and powerful than you are right now, or until death do us part."

She yawned sleepily and stretched her arms way up, her slender body making my aging heart skip a beat. Jesus Christ, she was _fine_. "So you have to make me richer, no matter what? What happens if I refuse?"

"You'll go straight to hell. There you will be violated with a 10,000 degree red hot knife into your rectum for the rest of eternity. Anyway, you can't refuse, sweetie, so don't bother."

"I can't refuse? This may be the worst deal ever made. I'll have to call and talk to my lawyer about this."

"Yes, I've heard about your lawyers. They're supposed to be the best in the world. But, if you spill the beans about the demons, you'll die instantly and the contracts' failure condition will go into effect. Don't do it."

She smiled at me sweetly, kicking one of her legs up into the air and back down again playfully. "Anyway, it's not so bad. Now that you have billions of dollars, all we have to do is make you richer than you are now. It's easy since you already have the capital needed for rapid expansion. Fame isn't an easily understood metric, so after riches we'll worry about power. Sound good?"

I cocked an eyebrow questioningly. "Exactly how much richer do I have to be, anyway? Is there an exact amount I need to hit?"

She shrugged noncommittally. "It's about the range of 1,000 times richer than you are now. Easily attainable, if you ask me."

"Eve, I've got maybe thirty years left, and possibly ten of those will be decent. This isn't going to work."

"Oh ye of little faith, you'll have me to help you out! I'm an expert in this stuff, having done it for millennia!" She giggled as she stood up and walked away from my office table, reaching around behind herself to pour a cup of coffee.

"Sheesh, you idiots messed up the paperwork and now I have to pay for it. Don't I get some special customer service? Why don't you give me a little extra? Why not sweeten the deal?"

She immediately groaned as she turned her head back to me. "Not in the plans, big boy. You can't hassle the demon employees, we're just here to do a job. Don't worry though, I have magical abilities that will allow me to integrate into your past. People won't think twice about me."

"How's that work?" I felt doubt surface on my face and she took the hint.

"It's hard to explain. I'll just pretend to be someone close to you, and the past will change to accommodate whatever persona I take. Maybe I could pose as your niece, or something?"

I felt crestfallen. "Might as well make yourself my daughter. None will be the wiser anyway, I guess. You sure this will work?"

"Positive." She took a sip of coffee and smiled. I had the best coffee-maker in the world brew that pot, so naturally it tasted fantastic. "I'm an expert."

I sighed as I resigned myself to my new fate. "Whatever. Let's get this over with."

.........................................

Half a year later, I stared down at the peons below me as I descended. A massive crowd of gullible idiots were about to hear the greatest speech of their lives, and they didn't even know what was coming. It was going to hit them like a freight train.

As I arrived at the bottom, I grinned wide, forcing myself to contain my rage. The Bitch would not let up and she tormented me endlessly, always poking and prodding me about the next step to get rich and powerful. But if she wouldn't even let me have a little fun with her, I would have my revenge. I'll make her regret ever messing with me.

I stepped up to the podium as the wall of reporters quieted down, all their eyes and cameras fixated on me. Of course they were, because I was the best looking, smartest man in the world. Everyone knew it, especially me.

I leaned into the microphone and spoke with great intent. "We need to build a wall."