Part 02: Xx_420BasedGOD_xX 02 -  Feb 2021 Patch Notes

Heeeeey, guys! It's me, the Creator, your local developer, and all around fun guy... Xx_420BasedGOD_xX!

Sorry for the downtime over this past month! I've been pretty busy, as you might imagine, carefully observing the meta for the Earth region and trying to figure out how to balance and fix this shitstorm. [As I mentioned in the previous patch notes](https://reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/koc4f2/attention_human_playerbase_this_is_your_developer/), you humans have been finding way too many exploits and absolutely dominating all of Earth's servers. The USA, European, and Chinese servers, especially... the other species simply can't compete!

During the downtime since you last heard from me, I chatted with a bunch of the lower-tier builds prevalent in the Earth region, and came to the realization that you humans are so disgustingly good at Outside, I'm going to have to introduce hard, targeted nerfs just to cramp your viability.

Yes! Yes, I know. Nobody likes nerfs! Well, tough shit; no whining! Thanks to all the garbage 'features' Devilboi++SEXY++Satan threw in haphazardly, you've all become far too efficient at gaming the survival aspects of outside. Naturally, the most broken aspect of the human playerbase is your ability to efficiently farm consumables! I know the Ant playerbase can farm for loot from Aphids, but you humans are on a whole different level! You were NOT supposed to domesticate more than one other player class, yet that's exactly what you did! Horses, Cows, Dogs, Cats... you're not only turned these other players into mounts, but pets and consumable-farming factories too! The horrors I've seen unleashed upon the Pig and Chicken players alone are too awful to describe!

Oh and furthermore, who said you could dig up rocks and turn them into metal? Who said that was okay?! Not me! I'll bet Jesus//WaterIntoWine//Christ, that lazy little bastard... I'll bet this was his doing! Leave the rocks in the ground! Wait until the Reptilian species can harvest and mine! You're way ahead of the sentience timetables and it's starting to annoy me!

Okay, whew, give me a minute. Um, let's see, here are a list of changes I've made after consulting other players. Many of them expressed considerable discontent regarding the humans' position atop the meta, so I implemented a few adjustments, buffs, and other such tweaks to facilitate a broader playstyle.

- Player class, Dolphins: These players can now jump out of the ocean biome and fly through the air for up to three miles, allowing them to travel through other land and sky-based biomes. Additionally, their special skill, "Echolocation," has been upgraded to its superior form, "Sound Blast," which allows them to destroy the eardrums of a _certain_ pesky player type.

- Player class, Koalas: These players complained endlessly, and as such, I've decided to adjust their stats to make them more viable. Koala players now have access to the legendary skill "Berserk Rage," which allows them to abruptly increase their movement speed and stamina regeneration by 1,000% for thirty minutes at a time. Additionally, they can consume the flesh of Human players to increase their stats by 10% per pound devoured. This increase is permanent.

- Player class, Ladybugs: These players can now explode with the force of a stick of dynamite, and they will automatically do so when arriving within one meter of any Human player. Additionally, the explosion spreads a special bioagent known as Covid-21, which is roughly seventeen times more contagious and toxic than its Covid-19 counterpart.

- Player class, Lizardman: This player type gains an extra +7 to concealment and becomes twice as skilled at passing speech and culture checks. Their ability to disguise themselves as Humans and spread throughout the Politician subclasses increases threefold, which should hopefully lead to further destabilization of human civilization, allowing other species a fighting chance at moving up the meta. (Note: This does not affect the Lizardman player known as Zuckerberg, Mark. His concealment is already at maximum and cannot raise any further.)

- Player class, Crow: This player gains the special skill, "Confusion Ray," which is a sight-based skill that attacks the ocular parts of a certain biped player species, causing them to stumble and fall into traffic, I hope. To keep this ability balanced, Crows can only use this ability while at a higher elevation than their target, and the distance must be greater than thirty feet to earn a critical success.

- Player class, Sheep: All members of this player faction gain the special ability, "Intellect Theft," not to be confused with the Human player's special ability, "Intellectual Theft." "Intellect Theft" allows Sheep players to steal the intelligence of other species for themselves, permanently. This ability's effect strengthens the more of another player's IQ they attempt to steal.

- 117,964 other alterations listed. Click here to expand and view.

...

Now, I'm sure a few Human players might complain that the buffing of other species cuts down on the Human players' ability to farm loot and level up, which, to be fair, is completely true! Haha, what can I say? You humans are simply WAY too numerous and prevalent, and thus must perish en-masse until I've managed to stabilize the Earth region's ecosystem!

So, there you have it! Now, I wanted to take a few minutes to answer some Human player questions from the [last patch update I posted](https://reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/koc4f2/attention_human_playerbase_this_is_your_developer/). Here goes nothing!

>u/Thaeli: Oh good, he hasn't noticed the dev console those guys added.

What?! That's not a question! But seriously, I'll have to look into this at once. No accessing the dev commands! I swear to Me, if Devilboi++SEXY++Satan had anything to do with this exploit...

>u/ZeroValkGhost: I do have questions about those mermaids, seeing as a coffin was mentioned. Are this plucky Private Jenkins merpeople like putting The Little Mermaid in a Monty Python army skit, or are these vampire merpeople like something out of Skaven, Lovecraft or The Frozen Throne?

MWAHAHA! They're terrifying mermen and women, with fishy tails, and big boobs, and other R-rated assets I can't mention or the Interdimensional Game Rating Society will start breathing down my neck! Just you wait and see, foolish Human!

>u/Tooth-FilledVoid: Does NOBODY remember the 200 car pileup in canada?

I have no knowledge of that incident, nor do I admit to causing it deliberately!

>u/potato_rocket_05: Yes. One change though: the super volcano should be Yellowstone

Impudent Human! How dare you correct ME, the Developer?! Learn your place! If I say it's Yellowstone, then it's Yellowstone!

>u/ComradeH_VIE: Question: Will there be (randomized) military conflicts? Regional and skirmish levels only. I just want to know where (not) to level-up.

Of course! However, I cannot specifically say where they'll occur, but let me assure you that thanks to the changes and buffs I've given to the non-Human players, conflicts will break out all across the Earth Region, further cutting down on the Human playerbase, while also granting the survivors large EXP bonuses. Consider this part of my merciful nature!

>u/SadSloth: I'm just waiting for the implementation of battle royale shrinking safe zone efffect for the global warming event.

>I think I chose better area, than my guildmates in the last flooding event.

See? Why can't more Human players act like this? I love a good challenge junkie! It's no fun playing a game on easy with God Mode enabled! Unless it's my God Mode, of course, but that's... totally different!

>u/Raubaton: What? Still no word on the release date for the ZombieApoc Questline?

I have to hold off on that until the Volgrim invasion event starts. Sorry, but I signed an NDA, so I can't release any distant-future content information unless the Interdimensional Game Creation Council gives me the green light! Even us Galactic Developers have rules to which we must adhere!

Alright, that's it for the Q&A segment! If you have any other questions for next month's patch notes, post them in the comments below! I hope you Humans love pain and misery, because plenty of it will soon come your way! Now, enjoy the great Spring Seasonal Event!

-Your Developer, Xx_420BasedGOD_xX

...

...

Sub-Developer Edit (Devilboi++SEXY++Satan): Hehe, stupid idiot doesn't realize the patch has to run past me before it goes live. No worries, human players. I'm not like Xx_420BasedGOD_xX! I'll give you all a little something to compensate for his general dickery. Besides, I'm ditching this shithole to work for (*BIG_DICK_ASMODEUS*) in a few patches.

Ahem. Seeing as Valentine's Day is here, for the month of February, all Humans will increase their copulation and pleasure ratings by 300%. Additionally, female-identifying players get a 600% stimulation bonus.

Don't say I never do anything for you! >:D