Part 001: Forbidden Cargo

A hissing of air. The sound of metal grinding against metal.

The entry airlock leading from the Cruiser-Class starship, the Gold Harrier, opens up to reveal a cream-skinned woman, one with curly blond hair, hawkish blue eyes, and a gaze that could melt steel. Her uniform, navy blue, like what others from her research facility wear, is bland but form-fitting.

She steps through the airlock and arrives before three men, all of them waiting with their hands folded behind their backs.

"Janice. Lovely to see you again," One of the men, a dark-skinned fellow with short-cropped black hair says. "You don't look a day over a thousand."

Janice slows to a stop and glances around the comfortably-sized entry area. The starship's dirty steel walls don't appear nearly as polished as she's used to, given the centuries of accumulated rust and filth stuck to their walls, but she doesn't mind.

"Charles!" Janice says, her face shifting from impassivity to elation. "Always the charmer. I'm not as young as I used to be, but if you undercut the real number _too_ much, you'll make me self-conscious."

Charles Weston, captain of the Gold Harrier, takes a step toward Janice. He leans forward and kisses both of her cheeks, then pulls back.

"Haha. What can I say? Us mercenary types don't get to see many beauties out here in the Void. You remember Larry, right?"

Charles gestures to a man on his right, a muscular Norwegian-looking fellow with a strangely-colored green beard and hair. Larry hiccups, then performs a mocking salute. "Sup, 'Princess'? Been a while."

The edge of Janice's nose twitches, but she forces herself to smile. "...Yes! Always a _pleasure_ to see you, Larry. And- oh? Who's this cute boy? Charles, don't tell me he's another of yours?"

Charles nods toward the third member of his entourage, a young man, barely twenty years old, with a spark in his eye and excitement on his face. "This here's my twenty-third son, Will. He's a smart boy, but a bit green around the gills. I'm hoping we can temper him a bit over the coming decades before the missus gives me another."

Janice reaches forward and shakes Will's hand. "Nice to meet you, young man. I'm Janice Green, a small-time archaeologist. Your father and I go _way_ back."

William nods excitedly. "Oh, yeah! Dad's told me all about you! He couldn't stop running his mouth, saying you were the prettiest flower in the Outer Rim, short of my mother, of course."

Janice flicks her eyes in Charles' direction. "Heh. Is that so?"

"Shut up, Will," Charles grumps, playfully socking his son's shoulder. "From one man to another, you aren't supposed to rat us out to the lady-folk!"

"Psh, it ain't even a secret or anything," Larry says, chuckling under his breath. "You never stop babbling about Janice whenever we go to see her. You're ridiculous, bruv."

Janice's smile widens further. "Oh, this is _so_ much more fun than sitting in a laboratory all day. I'm always happy when I get to jump out and stretch my legs."

After a few minutes of bantering, Janice's expression turns more solemn. She and the men start walking toward the Gold Harrier's bridge, passing by scatterings of crew here and there, all of them tending to their duties, repairing and maintaining the ship as the need arises.

"You got my message." Janice says rhetorically. "Time is of the essence. We must move quickly."

Charles's smile fades away, replaced instead with the look of a man in charge.

"I did. The moment I saw the bounty, I nearly had a heart attack. Fifty million credits? Two hundred million if we choose OrioCreds instead? I can't believe they'd pick little old me for a job this big."

"Well," Janice says, clearing her throat. "There are some extenuating circumstances. I wasn't allowed to tell you anything specific in the message, because all information about this discovery is being kept to a minimum. If you hadn't shown up first, you'd have lost the opportunity forever."

Janice pulls out a datapad and hands it to Larry Wilcox. "Take us to these coordinates. Maximum warp, as quickly as possible."

Larry snatches the PDA out of her hand and rolls his eyes. "Got it. You don't have ta' tell me twice."

Once they step onto the Bridge, Larry hops into his Navigator chair and starts inputting numbers. While he begins the pre-flight check, Janice, Charles, and Will stand off to the side, away from the Bridge's dozen or so personnel. For a Cruiser-Class ship with a maximum personnel capacity of 500, the Harrier's 137 crew fall far short of the higher-tier Mercenary vessels in the Outer Rim.

"So, what can you tell me now?" Charles asks. "I need more details, Janice. Your letter said this was a delivery mission, but you didn't bring a package with you."

"That's right," Janice says, nodding. "We had to use a certain level of subterfuge. You know how it is."

"I do," Charles says, resting his left hand around his son's back and on his far shoulder. "But now it's just you, me, and my crew. I can't endanger my family, not even for fifty million creds. We can retire off that kind of cash, but my instincts are telling me this mission will be crazy dangerous."

"Somewhat," Janice says, crossing her arms. "This is actually a 'pickup and deliver' mission. We have to travel to a nearby outpost, about fifty lightyears from here. There's a certain 'item' we need to grab before anyone else gets their greedy little hands on it, then we need to deliver it to Xoth."

Charles frowns. "Xoth? That's Orion Corps' Megalopolis world. It's the center of their scientific division. It's also... what, seven thousand lightyears in the Core's direction?"

"I know," Janice answers, her tone shaky. "I'm more than a little nervous myself, but I put in a good word to ensure you got the chance to arrive first. I'm also a part of this mission, and you know _me._"

The Harrier's captain shakes his head and laughs. "Haha! I do. You're greedy and self-centered, but you'd never put yourself in harm's way. So, why are you joining us? I think me and my family can handle it by ourselves."

"I'm here to confirm the... the package's _authenticity_," Janice says, her tone cryptic.

The archaeologist hesitates for a moment. She glances around the Bridge at the dozen or so men and women present, as if uncertain whether to continue or not.

"Everyone here is my family," Charles says, offering a confident smile. "They're all my sons, daughters, and relatives. Anything you want to say in front of me, you can say in front of them."

A few heads turn in Janice's direction, only to return to their displays and monitors as they prep the Gold Harrier to enter warp.

Still uneasy, Janice sighs. "Well, that's fine, I suppose. At this point, we'll need the crew to be on the same page."

She pauses for half a breath before continuing.

"This item we're looking for... an asteroid miner found it near the ruins of a destroyed world. Whole system went supernova about three million years ago, near the end of the Terran Expansion Era."

Charles scratches his chin. "Ah. You must mean the Pox system. That's the only one within fifty lightyears that fits the description. Whole area's filled to the brim with stray rocks- wait, shit! Come on, Janice! You want us to fly in _there_? That place is a deathtrap!"

Janice nods. "One of the reasons I contacted you is because of the Gold Harrier's special characteristics. You have Duraplating on the outer hull, right? It's expensive, hard to find. Great for reducing impact damage to almost zero."

"It's a last resort, only meant for getting us out of sticky situations in one piece," Charles mutters. "Flying into a system riddled with microscopic rocks flying around at Mach 30... you understand we can and probably will die, right?"

"We don't have a choice, Charles. The item we need to pick up... I don't know what it is, but I do know one thing."

The archaeologist pauses for half a beat. She looks at Charles meaningfully.

"Whatever it is, it's Volgrim in origin."

With only a few words, Janice renders the entire Bridge silent. Charles stares at her, dumbstruck, while several of his sons and daughters glance in Janice's direction, uncertain whether to believe her.

It takes the captain several seconds before he can pick up his jaw off the floor.

"V-Volgrim? But... we wiped them out. Humanity killed them during the Energy Wars. We haven't seen them since the Expansion Era."

Charles' son, Will, looks at his dad with curiosity-filled eyes. "Father, what's a 'Volgrim'? I've never heard of it."

The captain gently squeezes his son's shoulder. "You don't know? Guess nobody's had time to teach you about that stuff. The Volgrim were the aliens who once controlled the entirety of the Milky Way, at least until _we_ kicked their asses. Overthrew them, wiped out their whole species. Took us tens of thousands of years, but to be fair, they _were_ a Type III civilization. It's a miracle we survived as long as we did, let alone won the war."

Janice nods. "It's like your father said, Will. Humanity rose up and defeated the Volgrim. Their defeat took dozens of millennia and cost us billions of lives. After we wiped them out, we seized what remained of their civilizations, and thus, everything else was history."

"But like I said," Charles adds, "I don't understand. How could a Volgrim object appear here in the Pox system? That place is a garbage dump."

"It's not just any object," Janice says, as she takes a seat in a nearby chair. "It's an artifact, one of potentially immeasurable value. The higher-ups only want me to confirm that it really is Volgrim in design, as that asteroid miner claimed. After that, it's up to you to ferry it back to Xoth at maximum warp. We can't let anyone else get ahold of it."

Following Janice's lead, Charles and Will both take their seats, with Charles plopping down in the captain's chair, while his son sits next to him, in the copilot's chair.

"Color me skeptical..." Charles says. "But why didn't that asteroid miner bring the item back to you himself? That seems a tad suspicious."

Janice laughs. "Hah! And risk drawing the attention of every galactic superpower in the quadrant? You know how rare and precious Volgrim artifacts are, Charles. If Ramma's Chosen were to find out about it, we'd have those bloody zealots breathing down our necks in seconds! And even barring them, would you want to risk drawing the Third Hand's attention? Nobody even knows what this artifact can do, so we have to assume it's something of immeasurable value."

From the Navigator's chair, Larry chuckles. "Oh, Janice. Up to yer ol' tricks again. If this damn thing's so bloody precious, then why should we stick our necks out for it? Why wouldn't Orion Corp send out a whole fleet to retrieve the damn thing?"

"And draw the attention of their enemies?" Janice snaps. "Use your head, Larry. This is a covert operation. We need a no-name group to fly in, grab the artifact, and fly out. Quiet, no fuss. If you can't handle it, or don't dare to touch it, now's your chance to drop out. Fifty million credits, take it or leave it. I think the risk is worth the reward, don't you? I'm putting my life on the line too, after all."

Charles listens quietly. After a few seconds of silence, he closes his eyes.

"Alright. You've convinced me. I can make a new life for my family; a better one. Living on the run and trying to pick up spare creds from random groups here and there isn't any way to live. If I can get in Orion Corp's good graces, they might give us more work in the future. I could set all of my kids up for the rest of their lives."

Will pipes up. "Father, I'm ready for action; we all are! Whatever you choose, we'll support you."

Charles smiles. "I know, Will. I have the best family in the whole Outer Rim."

After sparing a glance at the rest of his family on the Bridge, Charles turns to his Head Navigator.

"Take us away, Larry."

"Sure thing, bruv," Larry replies.

The ship's engines fire up, causing a slight humming sensation to ripple in the air. Janice glances at the research facility floating in the void, her home for the last several thousand years. Its long, slender frame stretches out for five miles, with multiple large bubble-like 'modules' installed along the main body.

"Farewell, everyone," Janice mutters. "I'll return in a few months."

The Gold Harrier ignites its thrusters and fires off into the void, leaving the research facility's orbit without any fanfare.

.......................................

"Three minutes to arrival in the Pox system, cap," Larry says. The Head Navigator gestures toward a scanning readout of the debris circling within the system's confines, as the Harrier's computers work together to predict the paths of everything in their way.

"So," Charles says, as he nods at Larry and turns to Janice. "Assuming everything goes smoothly, once we nab the artifact, it'll take us a quarter of a year to reach Xoth at warp seven. I'll have to burn up all the remaining Trifrancium, but assuming we complete the mission... buying a few more grams shouldn't be out of the question."

Janice frowns. "The Harrier caps out at warp seven? Jeez, Charles. Bit underwhelming, don't you think?"

"I rarely travel anywhere faster than warp six," Charles answers. "We're not usually in a hurry to complete our missions. Besides, how much cash do you think I have lying around? I feed my family and keep us moving; that's all I can do in these troubled times."

"Oh?" Janice asks, raising an eyebrow. "It seems you've heard about the war brewing."

"Who hasn't?" Charles asks. "I may live in the Outer Rim, but I keep my eyes out for anything involving the Core. The Third Hand and Ramma's Chosen are entering a power struggle right now, all for the sake of capturing Enchillon. Whoever succeeds will have a tremendous foothold in the Malto region. Lots of work will soon make itself available for people like me."

"Dangerous work," Larry quips. "But it seems that kinda shite don't matter to ya, does it, cap?"

Charles rolls his eyes. "How much longer, Larry?"

"Thirty seconds."

"Great. Keep sharp, don't lose focus. Every moment we spend in this bloody sector is another second we risk our lives."

The captain falls silent, as does everyone else on the Bridge. Slowly but surely, thirty seconds tick past, while everyone holds their breath.

"I'm takin' us to the system's mid-point," Larry mutters. "The interior has too much shit flyin' around. As long as we stay about three to five astronomical units away from the system's center, we'll avoid most of the debris."

With a slight shudder, the Gold Harrier exits warp speed, emerging into normal space abruptly and causing the viewscreen to turn black. Everyone on the Bridge focuses at their tasks at hand as they start scanning for debris headed in their direction.

Will's eyes light up with excitement. "Wow! What is that? Is that light up ahead coming from a _star_? It's so... blue!"

Charles' expression turns serious. "Aye. Pox's star went supernova a few million years ago. All that's left behind is a neutron star. It's small, perhaps only thirty miles in diameter, but insanely bright, dense, and deadly. Neutron stars spin tens of thousands of times per minute, and they constantly fire off gamma-rays. We won't die if a gamma ray hits us, but it'll rip apart our computer systems instantly. Messes with the scanners, too."

One of the Bridge's other crew members, a relatively attractive young woman with long black hair, pipes up. "Father, the star is currently in its axial state. The gamma-rays are unlikely to strike us."

"Thanks, Rebecca," Charles says. "That's good news."

Will glances at a control panel attached to his seat as an indicator lights up. "Someone's hailing us, father."

"That's the informant," Janice says. "The asteroid miner. He's a bit skittish, but once we meet up with him I'll pay him two hundred thousand creds and we can get out of here."

"In and out. Nice and quick. That's what I like to hear," Charles mutters. "Larry, how long will it take us to reach his position?"

"Twenty minutes, cap," Larry answers. He nods to himself, as if confirming something, making his green hair bob back and forth. "He's about 0.5 AU's from here."

"Good. Will, put him onscreen."

"Yes, father."

Will dutifully follows out his father's orders, pressing a couple of buttons to activate the comm relay.

A tall, burly man appears onscreen, his wide shoulders, thick black hair, and distrustful eyes boring down on everyone in the Bridge.

"Password?" The man asks, his tone gruff.

"Lilacs come from Terra; none have ever smelled a flower so sweet," Janice answers, without batting an eye. "You must be Thomas?"

Thomas nods. "Yeah. You, uh... you the people from Orion Corp?"

"I am," Janice says. "These mercenaries are my hired guns. Let's meet up and complete the trade, then I'll get you back to your business."

The asteroid miner shifts uncomfortably. His eyes flick around the Harrier's Bridge. "Sure are, uh... sure are a lot of you."

"I have one hundred and thirty-seven crew members," Charles says, smiling as pleasantly as he can muster. "They're all members of my family."

Thomas shifts uneasily. "Right. Look, uh... I dunno how to say this but... I want more money. Two hundred thousand creds ain't enough. Seems this thing's pretty valuable."

Janice frowns. "I only brought the requested amount of credits, Thomas. We're risking our necks for you, and it was all I could manage to convince my superiors to ensure your so-called 'Volgrim artifact' might be the real thing. If it was as valuable as you think, don't you suppose they'd send a whole fleet to pick it up?"

Thomas chuckles. "Hehe. Oh, it's real, lady. Trust me, when you see it, you're gonna flip your goddamn stack. That's why I want more creds. This job stinks. A man's gotta eat, ya know? I'm out here all alone, risking my neck every day for some scraps. You can't expect me to let go of a top-tier item like this for two hundred thousand measly creds."

Janice falls silent. She stares at the miner intently for a few moments, then rolls her eyes.

Turning to Charles, she groans. "I'm sorry to have wasted your time, Charles. It seems this greedy fellow really thinks he's some bigshot. Well, all's well that ends well. Let's just leave."

Charles, picking up on his friend's cues, smiles at her. "It's fine. You meet guys like this all the time in our line of work. I'm sure when the Third Hand learns about the artifact, they'll come kill him for it. Will, cut the feed, and let's go home."

Will nods along to his father's words. "Uh, okay..."

He reaches for his control panel. Just before he can cut the comms, Thomas panics. "Wait. Wait! Fine, two hundred thousand creds! I'll take it, alright! Damn, you Orion cunts really love money!"

Janice purses her lips. "No. I've changed my mind. It's one hundred and fifty thousand credits now, bigshot. I'm not about to waste my money on some crackpot. Take your chances with the Third Hand if you don't like it."

Thomas grits his teeth. "Lady! Don't press your luck!"

"Charles," Janice says, turning to the captain. "Let's go."

"Argh! You damned bitch!" Thomas howls. "Fine! One hundred and fifty k's! I'll take it."

Janice smiles. "Alright, since you were so 'polite,' let's go with that. We'll meet you in twenty minutes."

Thomas's face darkens. "...Fucking bitch."

The screen goes black as Thomas cuts the comm-link from his end. 

Charles laughs. "You have a way with words."

"I can't help myself," Janice mutters. "I won't ever let anybody take advantage of me again. Not even this artifact is worth sacrificing my dignity."

Larry turns his head slightly. He glances at Janice out of the corner of his eye before returning to his work.

...

The Harrier launches toward the rendezvous point at sub-light speeds. Thanks to the hard work of the Bridge crew, as well as the computer's background calculations, they rapidly approach their destination without any stray rocks pelting them.

"Divine Emperor, guide me..." Janice mutters. "How can you exist in these modern times without a synthmind? Calculating all of these asteroid vectors manually must surely be a pain in the ass, right?"

Charles laughs. "I don't trust synths. I make do with the bare minimum. Safer that way."

"Oh, Charles. You're such a weirdo, sometimes."

"No, all the time."

Charles and Janice laugh quietly to themselves, then return to monitoring the outside situation. Several times, rocks pelt the Harrier's hull, causing warning indicators to light up, but the vast majority of them prove to be only glancing blows.

Twenty minutes later, the group arrives next to Thomas's ship, a gigantic, Frigate-class vessel with countless mining drones hovering alongside it. The mining ship resembles an oblong spheroid, one with a giant hole in the middle, filled to the brim with mining and boring lasers capable of eating into any asteroids placed within their reach. More than ten times the Harrier's size, the vessel makes Will's eyes pop open with shock.

"Holy... how can one guy maintain and repair a ship that big? I thought Frigates needed crews of five thousand to work properly, father."

"Not mining vessels," Charles answers. "They typically have fleets of automated maintenance drones to repair and control the ship. The heavy armor allows it to shrug off 99% of any asteroid impacts, even the big ones. Thomas probably doesn't even own it; he's leasing it from some outside corporation in exchange for some of the profits. They like to keep the human overhead small so the personnel fees are as low as possible."

After concluding his explanation, Charles gets to work guiding the Harrier toward the designated pickup point. Everyone breathes a small sigh of relief as they enter Thomas's ship's shadow, shielding them from any asteroid impacts for the time being.

...

Five minutes later, Charles, Will, and Janice show up to the airlock, which opens up to reveal Thomas the miner, even bigger in person than he appeared on the video feed. The man towers over the Harrier's group, standing more than eight feet tall. His huge body gives him the appearance of a soldier from a colony world, someone capable of wiping out enemy platoons with ease.

Charles silently sizes Thomas up. _Big fellow. Looks like one of those thugs from the Velor system. Wouldn't expect a guy like this to make a living as a miner, but stranger things have happened._

Thomas glances at the three visitors. "Credits?"

"Right here," Janice says, as she casually tosses him a datapad. "Access information to the account. Secured through the method you specified."

Thomas glances at the screen. After confirming the information, he laughs. "You're giving me all two-hundred k's?"

"I am. I just hope you don't disappoint me with this so-called 'artifact.' My _superiors_ will not be happy."

"Trust me, lady. This shit's the real deal," Thomas says, laughing quietly. "You'll know when you see it. Take a look."

He gestures behind himself and around the corner. Janice steps forward, not worried in the slightest that Thomas might attack her. After all, even with his height and build difference, no mere miner would dare assault someone hailing from Orion Corp, the biggest financier in the entire Milky Way. Janice could have any number of weapons or tools at her disposal.

Janice rounds the corner, while Charles and Will stay in their airlock entry, keeping their eyes locked on Thomas. The miner follows Janice for a few steps, but keeps his distance. As Janice disappears from view, Thomas laughs. 

"You see? I told you it was the real deal! Just look at that thing!"

Janice replies with the same disinterest as before. "Mmm. It's authentic. I don't know if it's worth two hundred thousand credits, but that's up to my superiors to decide. Bring it onboard."

Thomas, seeing her lack of excitement, sighs in his heart. He walks over, grabs whatever thing she's looking at, and lugs it around the corner, toward Charles and Will.

The young boy's eyes light up when Thomas returns, pulling a huge black coffin-shaped object, nine-feet long and five-feet wide. The onyx-colored artifact hovers across the ground, levitated via a few small maneuvering thrusters attached to its underside.

"Whoaaa! What IS that?" Will asks. "Is that thing really an artifact?"

Charles, appearing just as disinterested as Janice, merely shrugs. "Who knows? It could be anything. Might even just be some shiny black rock."

Thomas pulls the coffin-obelisk-thing into the Harrier's confines, then takes a few steps back. He appears disappointed by Janice and Charles' lack of any reaction, but chalks it up to them merely being ignorant suits incapable of recognizing the treasure before them.

"Tch. Well, there's your item. Enjoy it, I guess. I'm gonna get back to work, now. Thanks for the creds."

"Sure, sure," Janice says, waving him away. "It was a pleasure doing business with you."

Thomas leaves, and the airlock seals shut behind him.

Several seconds pass. Janice, Charles, and Will stand alongside the artifact, their eyes locked on its surface.

"Holy fucking shit..." Janice whispers, her voice cracking with excitement. She flicks her eyes to Charles, and a huge grin spreads across her face. "We did it, Charles. We hit the big money!"

Charles, too, smiles greedily. "Hahaha! Thomas, that poor bastard. He doesn't have a clue how valuable this is."

Confused by the turn of events, Will blinks in confusion. "Huh? What do you mean? I thought you said it was garbage! What's going on?"

"Subterfuge, kid," Janice laughs, lightly socking Will's shoulder. "You need to learn how to play the game if you want to win. If we freaked out and started talking about how valuable this artifact was, do you think Thomas would let us leave with it? Of course not. He'd sicc his drones on us and melt our ship to scrap before we could say, 'Oh, sorry, we'll pay more creds!' We had to act like this artifact wasn't anything special, otherwise, who knows how he'd react?"

Charles circles the coffin. He rubs his hands across its surface, marveling at its smooth and unblemished texture. "This object... I've never seen anything like it. What sort of material is this? It's far more durable than obsidian. It was out in space, all this time, yet doesn't have a scratch on it."

"Get us out of here," Janice says. "Full speed. We can't afford to stick around any longer. I'll tell you more once we're clear."

Charles nods. He raises his datapad to communicate with the bridge. "Take us away, Larry. We've retrieved the package."

Larry's voice comes back, loud and crisp. "Is it the real deal?"

"Damn straight."

The ship's thrusters fire up, but Charles doesn't return to the Bridge. He stays at Janice's side and watches as she circles the coffin, pulling out all manner of scanning devices to examine its surface and interior.

After five minutes, Janice straightens her posture.

"Living Moldanium."

"I beg your pardon?" Charles asks. "What do you mean?"

"This coffin. Its composition is 99% Living Moldanium. By my estimates, there is probably more Moldanium here than in the entirety of the Federation's storehouses. I've never seen such a vast amount of the stuff in my life."

Charles shakes his head. "I don't understand, Janice. Explain. What _is_ Living Moldanium?"

"It's the strongest substance in the universe," Janice answers, her voice low. "The stuff of legends. Armor made from Living Moldanium won't crack even if you shoot it with an Empire-Class cannon bombardment. It can absorb shockwaves, shrug off electrical damage, and won't even warm if you submerge it in molten plasma. Only the Volgrim knew how to make it, and now, the creation method has disappeared from the historical records."

Charles sucks in a breath. "By the Divine Emperor... Doesn't fifty million credits seem a bit... low?"

"I ought to smack you!" Janice laughs. "But yes, you're right. Five hundred million credits would still be a lowball if someone offered to purchase this coffin. However, in your case, fifty million is fine. You can't use this artifact as anything more than a glorified paperweight. The methods for restructuring Living Moldanium are top-secret knowledge. Only the highest brass of the Federated Systems possess the means to take this thing apart and use it to further their own ends."

While Janice and Charles talk, Will slowly circles the coffin. He eyeballs it from every angle, examining it from side to side and corner to corner. Suddenly, he speaks.

"Hey. What's this?"

Charles and Janice turn to look at the young man. He points at a seemingly blank spot on the coffin's side, as featureless and barren as all the rest of it.

Janice walks over and squints. After concentrating for a few moments, her expression lights up with happiness. "Oh! Excellent work, Will! Good eyes! I'd never have noticed that if you didn't point it out. Look, Charles. There are letters etched here, written in Volgarian."

Charles follows Janice's lead. After examining the coffin for several seconds, he, too, manages to barely make out the letters. "Damn. They blend in so well, I can barely even see them. You can read Volgarian, right, Janice? What do the words say?"

Janice leans in closer to the coffin. She squints with all her might, occasionally tracing her fingers along the grooves to get a better idea of their shape.

"That's... strange. There's only one word here. It's not one I recognize."

"Yeah? What is it?" Charles asks.

Janice mouths the letters several times. She cocks her head and frowns deeply, while invisible question marks seemingly pop up over her head.

"It just says... _Ionis._"

"_Ionis?_" Charles repeats. "Does... does that mean anything to you?"

"I don't know. Perhaps. Will, can you find any other words anywhere? Maybe it's some sort of a puzzle."

Suddenly, several red lights begin flashing inside the ship. The Harrier shudders as an explosion on its hull causes everyone on board to stumble.

"Shit!" Charles shouts. "What was that? An asteroid impact?"

From overhead, one of the Bridge crewmembers, Charles's first son, David, speaks.

"Attention, all personnel. We are under attack! Everyone, go to battle stations. A stealth-class interceptor has appeared at our flank and begun firing on us. Their identity is unknown, but based upon the make and model of their ships' design... we have concluded they are one of Ramma's Chosen!"

Charles' skin turns to ice. "Sh-shit! Ramma's Chosen! What are they doing here? Did they follow us?"

Janice's voice raises an octave. "I don't know! Let's return to the Bridge! Will, you stay here and keep examining that coffin! Anything you can find will be helpful!"

"Y-yes, ma'am!" Will answers.

Janice and Charles both run back to the Bridge, all while the Gold Harrier knocks back and forth, rocked by explosions detonating against its hull.

By the time they make it to the Bridge, chaos has already engulfed the crew.

David, the acting captain when his father isn't on site, barks orders. "Ten degrees to starboard! Evasive roll! Deploy the scattering particles! Break that interceptor's targeting lock, dammit!"

"It's too fast!" One of his sisters exclaims. "It's... it's a new model! I've never seen anything like it!"

"We've got a hull breach on Deck Three!" Another man yells. "Five casualties! Situation unknown!"

Charles's eyes turn livid. "Those goddamned zealot bastards! Larry, prep an emergency jump to warp! David, get me a casualty report! Rebecca, pump power into the shields!"

The captain drops into his chair and begins madly keying in button presses on its command module. "How many Spitfire missiles do we have? Can we get a lock on that interceptor?"

"Negative!" Rebecca answers. "We can't even get a visual! I've detected a faint residual ion trail, but nothing else! It's a Class III cloaking field!"

Janice furrows her brows. "Class III? That's military level. A ship has to forgo a hyperdrive to even fit one. The only way an interceptor like that could appear in this system is if a Carrier deliberately left it here."

Her words send a chill down Charles' spine. He jerks his head toward David. "Scan the system for other vessels!"

"Yes, father!"

David hurriedly follows his dad's commands, but shakes his head in response.

"I'm not picking up anyone on long-range scanners!"

The ship rocks again as three phaser blasts strike the shields, nearly throwing Charles and Janice out of their seats.

"Switch to a focused scan!" Charles says. "There aren't any planets in this system. That can only mean the opposing vessel must be hiding somewhere in the Neutron Star's gravity well! Somewhere near its gamma ray signals."

"That's suicide!" Rebecca cries. "No ship can stay that close to a neutron star."

Charles grits his teeth. "Not under ordinary circumstances."

Moments later, David pipes up. "Oh... oh my god. You're right, father. I've found a vessel hidden within the gamma ray interference zone. It's... it's a Dreadnought-Class vessel!"

"They've detected our scans!" Rebecca adds. "They're moving to intercept us!"

"Larry! Tell me you've got that E-Jump ready!"

"Two more minutes!" Larry answers. "I'm going as fast as I can!"

"Faster, dammit! Faster!"

A notification pops up for the commlink. Charles growls angrily and reaches over to activate it. "Maybe I can stall for time."

The viewscreen shifts, revealing the face of a truly massive, gigantic, nine-foot-tall man. His navy blue uniform, piercing eyes, and obsidian-colored skin give him the appearance of a predator.

The man speaks, his voice as gravelly and menacing as Death itself. "I am Admiral Atlas Baruchen, commander of the UTC Bloodbearer. Cease your useless attempts to escape, and hand over the heretical object in your possession. I will spare your lives if you do as I command."

Charles's heart thumps in his chest. "The hell you will! You zealots butcher men, women, and children like pigs! Why should I trust you?"

"Haha. Do I look like someone who cares about your fate?" Admiral Baruchen laughs. "You are nothing to me but a fly. Whether you live or die is none of my concern. Give me that Volgrim artifact, and none of your family will suffer my wrath. I've nothing to gain from picking on some lower-class Outer Rim filth."

"And what about Janice?" Charles asks, his gaze hard as steel. "What will you do to her?"

"Janice Green, one of the many heretics working for Orion Corp," The Admiral says, his voice slow and measured. "She will receive a just punishment for seeking the power of that heretic object."

Janice narrows her eyes. "If you think I'll go down without a fight, think again."

"Your compliance is irrelevant," Baruchen answers. "You will submit to interrogation, or you will die. Your choice."

David turns to look at his father. "Dad! The Bloodbearer is almost within firing range!"

"Twenty seconds," Larry adds, giving an approximation of the time left before they can jump.

Charles rises to his feet. He glowers at the Bloodbearer's Admiral, hatred on his face.

"Blow it out your ass, cocksucker. You already killed five of my family members. I'll never put my life in the hands of fanatical monsters like you!"

Baruchen's smile fades, ever so slightly. "An unwise choice. As expected of Outer Rim rats."

Without another word, Charles cuts the commlink, just in time for another barrage of gunfire to strike the Harrier's shields.

"We're still in this!" David shouts. "Minimal hull damage! Shields are intact, with 15% integrity left!"

"Ten seconds to jump!" Larry says, his voice more nervous than ever in his life. "Five seconds! Four! Three! Two..."

Just as the Bloodbearer enters firing range, the Gold Harrier disappears, vanishing into the void.

...

Admiral Baruchen, leader of the Bloodbearer, stands silently on his ship's Bridge. He glances at a nearby crew-member. "Lieutenant Warner. Can we track them?"

"Aye," A muscular, balding, goatee'd man answers. "That miner did as he was told. He planted the device without any issues."

"Good. Recall the Sandshrew and prepare our jump to Inverted Space. If we play our cards right, we might scoop up a far bigger prize than one heretical artifact and some pond scum. We may just catch the 'big fish.'"

"Hah. Very true, Admiral."

The Bridge crew gets to work, calculating jump vectors while they wait for their stealth interceptor to meet up with them.

As they make the jump, Admiral Baruchen gazes into the void.

"We must defeat Monolith, no matter the cost."