Part 3: REALLY Stupid Humans!

_Riiing!_

A lunch bell chimes, causing a swarm of hungry four-armed bipedal aliens to pour into the complex's cafeteria. They slide up to the food serving counters while keeping their eyes on the clock, which lists only an hour of lunch time left before their next shift begins.

These creatures, known as Gorkons, possess huge upper bodies and thick, tree-trunk-like legs, giving them the strength to lift boulders and mine for hours without breaks.

A pair of Gorkons in the middle yawn loudly. One of them, a blue-skinned fellow with a bald patch on the top of his head, turns to the other and groans.

"Every day! We're always stuck in the middle of the line, Gling-Gling! We need to hustle faster next time so we can get the grub first!"

The other Gorkon, Gling-Gling, shrugs. "What's the rush? We've got plenty of time to eat, Glorpazorp! I'm gonna get me a Klaxon thigh, maybe a nice lean piece with some chewiness to it."

"My gal wants me on a diet. I'm eating only human food since it gives me the shits," Glorpazorp replies. "You know what they say! There's nothing shittier than human food!"

"Psh. You've got that right," Gling-Gling grunts.

The two of them grab their trays, slap some choice entrees onto their plates, and make their way over to one of the many free tables.

"I've been checking out some history docs in my free time," Glorpazorp says. "I watched a couple about the Humans. Those guys are such clowns!"

The two Gorkons take a seat and start munching. Gling-Gling raises his eyebrow. "History docs? I thought you hated learning."

"Yeah, well I don't have a lot to do in my dorm when I'm alone, so..."

Glorpazorp trails off, stuffs some food in his mouth, and continues.

"...so anyway, those humans. Did you know these morons fought in two world wars? They nearly blew themselves up in the third one. Just about wiped themselves out!"

"Wow. That's pretty dumb." Gling-Gling says.

"Ain't even the half of it!" Glorpazorp says. "Get this! These humans just kept dumping pollution into their atmosphere until their planet started, like, burning itself up! Their seas started rising, they had a bunch of hurricanes, massive fires across the whole world... all because they wanted to go 'vroom vroom' really fast in their ugly 'automobiles'."

He continues. "Oh, and there were these ancient animals called 'Dodos,' right? These majestic beasts that flew through the air on six wings. The bloody humans killed them all off!"

"That's terrible!" Gling-Gling exclaims. "How could those nasty humans hurt those poor dodos?"

"Humans ain't just stupid, they're evil, too. I tell you what, Gling-Gling, some of the stuff in these history docs made my florms shiver! Did you know humans used to eat and inject themselves with cleaning products? They gobbled these things called 'Tide-pods' because they were too stupid to know better. They got in fights over the dumbest things too. The females would often grab each other by their skull-hair and throw themselves into buildings."

Gling-Gling clicks his tongue. "Barbaric. I never pay much attention to the humans, but it's sure scary knowing there can be a species that stupid in the universe."

After Gling-Gling finishes off the first bit of food on his plate, he cocks his head.

"Say, is it true the humans tried to fly into space by exploding themselves into the air?"

"Try? The stupid idiots somehow pulled it off!" Glorpazorp laughs. "They shot themselves into space! Then they crashed back to the ground and blew up and died!"

"Well, _duh._" Gling-Gling says. "A species that stupid _would_ be the type to fly up and then come crashing back down."

"Humans started self-selecting for idiocy at one point," Glorpazorp says. "Get this. So they had this really bad sickness going around, right? All the humans had to do was get vaccinated and wear masks... but they started acting like the smarter humans were tryin' to kill them! So the dumb ones rose up and killed the smart ones, and then they died from the stupid virus anyway!"

"You can't make this stuff up..." Gling-Gling says. "They really are the dumbest species in the universe."

Not long after, the lunch bell rings its finale, but both Gorkons ignore it as they pay attention to their conversation.

"Really?" Gling-Gling asks. "They put them up their _butts_?"

"I'm telling you! They stuffed the hamsters right up there! I don't get it either. They must have used the little squeakers because..."

"Because they ran out of poop-paper, riiiiiight," Gling-Gling says, finishing Glorpazorp's sentence. "The poop-paper grew on trees, didn't it? How did they even run out of the stuff?"

"Dunno," Glorpazorp says, shrugging his shoulders. "Only the dumbest species in the galaxy could pull that off. Wait until you hear about the-"

Before Glorpazorp can finish his sentence, a figure strides into the almost-entirely empty cafeteria, his heavy boots clomping against the floor.

"Inmates 2176A and 2244A! You were supposed to return to your duties one minute and thirty seconds ago! Get back to work!"

The two Gorkons glance up at the clock on the wall and blink in surprise.

"Oh, heck. Time sure flies! One sec, warden! We'll clean this up and be on our way!"

"Move your asses, you lazy Gorks!" The warden shouts, as he slaps a baton against his hand. "Don't make me call in the Enforcers! You're on your second strike!"

The two friends move with great haste and throw their plates into the receiving area, then hustle out of the room as their significantly more diminutive warden eyes them coldy.

Once they get out of earshot, Glorpazorp grimaces.

"Warden Johnson is such a prick!"

"Yeah..." Gling-Gling says. "Still... it does make you wonder though."

"Wonder what?" Glorpazorp asks.

"If humans are so damn stupid, then how did our people end up in one of their prisons while they took over the whole damn galaxy?!"

"Beats me. Maybe they're not as stupid as they seem," Glorpazorp replies, as the two aliens return to their work assignments.

"Fucking humans!"