Part 2: Extremely Stupid Humans!

"Bllrr-frrbll! Order, gathered guests. Order!"

Xis Excellency, Councilbeing Lorvon the Third, slaps a large grav-table with one of xis fifteen tendril-like appendages. The alien being, a creature lacking eyes but possessing an enhanced sense of smell, twitches xis sixteen face-proboscis erratically as xe _blurbles_ out the order for the meeting to commence.

All around the giant grav-table, more than fifty representatives of the Miramax Galactic Federation gather together, arguing amongst each other about all manner of banal goings-on. Dozens of brightly glowing rocks hover in midair throughout the room, gently bobbing up and down, almost as if riding invisible waves channeling through the air. The rock-walls give the delegation chamber a rustic, underground appearance, while the technically advanced holographic projectors channel a different, more futuristic vibe.

A large, gelatinous creature resembling a tower of Jello, wobbles back and forth as it argues the finer details of trade law with its psychic neighbor, a skinny, three-legged squid-alien, with each leg splitting apart into three flexible 'toes'. The squid-like alien clicks its teeth and tongue while gyrating its head erratically, clearly angered by whatever the Jello-alien has to say.

Not far away from those two, a six-legged alien with two long, serrated 'tongues' extending out of its rear stands idly. The front of its body sports a strange, featureless face, attached to the underside of its carriage-like body. The tops of its legs reach along the upper end of its frame, making its head almost appear like a small passenger peeping out of its undercarriage. The creature, a Chitin, moos softly to itself, trying not to be too anxious around the other delegates.

Councilbeing Lorvon slaps the table again, this time raising xis voice even louder than before. "Brrrrrlt! Order, all of you! Quiet down! We are not here to _poo-too_ and _flap-flam_ all day!"

This time, xis voice reaches across the table, silencing the majority of the Federation's top representatives. All of the aliens lower their voices or stop talking and glare at each other with mixtures of hostile, distrusting, and wary glances. One needs only a moment to gather that the shifting allegiances of these disparate species will make them unlikely to ally with one another for long periods of time.

Lorvon vibrates xis proboscis to soothe xis annoyance. "Blurbl! Now then, let us get right down to business! Hrm, hrm..."

As the de-facto elected head of the Federation, and a mostly-respected creature known as a Moltoii, Councilbeing Lorvon enjoys a scant few privileges, the first of which involves xis right to open and close meetings, as well as the right to speak first.

"Gathered members, I have summoned you here today to discuss the troublesome matter of the planet X413-C, henceforth referred to by the name its native species gave it... 'Earth!' As you know, this world has been a most vexing orb for far too long! BLRRRBL! Its time dilation is more than sixteen _squah-squees_ higher than other worlds, allowing its creatures to evolve swiftly! Even after all of the protective measures we put in place, its native species have continuously grown stronger, smarter, and more terrifying! Today, we must decide what we will do with this world, once and for all!"

The large, gelatinous alien from earlier, a species known as the 'Glorp,' extends a pencil thin tendril of goop upward.

"Hrm, hrm!" Councilbeing Lorvon grunts, pointing three of xis facial proboscis at the Glorp. "Delegate Melty! You may speak!"

The Glorp communicates telepathically, broadcasting its thoughts as a series of disgusting squishing noises, reminiscent of sludge dripping into a swamp.

[Why care? Tiny planet. Destroy it. Very simple!]

"Blrrrbll! It seems you did not read the holo-porfs I handed out earlier!" Lorvon chides. "For those of you not in the know, this planet is not so simple. Observe!"

Xis Excellency extends a few of its slenter tendrils outward, manipulating a hologram in midair. After a moment, several massive creatures project into the center of the table, causing several of the more skittish councilbeings to jerk backward in fear.

"Skree!" A beaked alien with sixteen eyes cries. "Big monsters! Scary!!"

The Glorp recoils in horror as it senses the hologram's form, projecting several two-legged creatures nearly fifteen _blon-blons_ tall, with terrifying serrated teeth, and the eyes of killers.

"Blrrrbll! Now I have your attention!" Lorvon says, chuffing quietly to ximself. "You see? These beasts are quite alarming! When we first detected their appearance many _dormuu_ ago, we knew this planet was too scary to let live. That is why my xoofle, the great Lorvon the First, ordered we hurl a meteor at Earth to wipe out its life. Only once those terrifying beasts perished could we swoop in and search for valuable minerals."

Lorvon leans forward and waves its tendrils tauntingly. "The natives of Earth termed these ancient beasts 'dinosaurs!' As you can see, they were much scarier than the Horax or the Deadar who wiped out the Li-Li and the Craddops! Had they advanced any further, they would surely have learned dimension-walking, and who knows what catastrophe would have befallen the Miramax Galaxy, hmm? My xoofle hoped that unleashing a catastrophe on Earth would eliminate these beasts... but xe made a grave mistake!"

Xis Excellency spends a few minutes outlining the fall of the dinosaurs, and the rise of mammals. The entire room becomes silent as the other council-members listen with rapt attention.

The triple-legged alien from earlier rudely climbs onto the table to get a better look at the dinosaurs, extending a three-fingered limb to poke at the hologram. [Chee-chee! How could a meteor not wipe out all of the planet's life?! This 'Earth' is scary, very scary!]

The six-legged Chitin moos softly, trying to steady its trembling legs. "Muu... just destroy them... no mercy... too scary... muu..."

Seeing that the other delegates have finally started to take the Earth seriously, Councilbeing Lorvon nods appreciatively.

"Bllllrrpp! We cannot destroy Earth anymore. You know the rules! Once a species develops enough to communicate and build tools, we must protect them and ensure a safe transition into the Galactic Federation! Only if they demonstrate hostile intentions can we take such extreme measures."

"Chrrrup?" The sixteen-eyed bird-alien, a Cawmee, intones. "Don't tell me those scary dinosaurs survived?! We can't let them into the Federation! They'll eat us all!"

Lorvon relaxes xis posture. "Blrrbll. No! This is where I finally have good news, friends. The creatures which now rule the planet are far less scary than the dinosaurs! Behold, the new reigning Earthlings, known as... humans!"

With another button tap, Xis Excellency summons an image of a mostly hairless, bipedal, two-limbed creature with five manipulable digits at the end of its arms. Only a tuft of fur at the top of its head, and a decent-sized patch on its chest give it any protection from the cold. Several of the council-members lean forward in relief as they examine the creature with much less fear than the dinosaurs from before.

"Oho!" 

A different bipedal alien, known as a Nokomo, with fur all across its body, two large black eyes, and a pointed nose, nods in admiration. "This creature is quite nice! I like its aesthetic qualities!"

"Buh!" Scoffs a different quadrupedal alien, one with a body made from granite and a weirdly goopy head. The creature hovers above the floor by using psionic powers. "I think it's ugly, but at least it isn't scary like those dreadful dinosaurs!"

"Blurbbbl!" Lorvon laughs. "Indeed, with the dinosaurs gone, these 'humans' have risen to fill the void. My friends, I have much good news to give regarding the humans. Listen carefully!"

Lorvon spends several minutes explaining the history of the humans, giving structure to their existence.

"Is that true?" The Nokomo asks. "Their speed of advancement is a bit faster than usual, but they sound quite stupid and harmless!"

Melty, The Glorp, waves its gelatinous body back and forth. [Simple beings. Cannot reshape their bodies. Brainless. We can conquer easily.]

Lorvon laughs. "Friends, it is as I say, blrrrpll! The humans are weak and stupid. However, these brutish creatures are also quite hostile to one another. Many of their historical feats involve killing one another with methods most barbaric and brutal. While they will never match us in terms of military strength, we must take care not to trigger their simplistic, primitive minds, aha-blrrrbl!"

From the opposite side of the table, a different alien raises its hands. The creature is a biped, like the humans, but with four limbs instead of two, and tiny, beady little eyes. Its grey-colored skin and multiple antennae atop its bald head give it a unique appearance. "Hmph. Your Excellency! I don't understand. Why did you call this emergency meeting if these humans are so weak and stupid? We have no reason to fear them!"

"Ah, Councilmember Gling-Gling. An astute question, blrrrt-blrrrt! Well, you see, Earth's inhabitants are not why I called you all here today... but rather..."

Without another word, Lorvon manipulates the holographic controls to summon an image of Earth at the center of the table. The image rapidly expands and zooms in, taking the Federation's members on a speedy journey to its surface. Nobody says anything for several seconds as they stare at the image in confusion, but when the holographic view stops mere feet above the ground, the entire room goes dead-silent.

Palpable tension appears in the air.

Melty, unable to control its excitement, speaks only one word.

[D...dirt?!]

Immediately, a massive explosion of activity occurs as the different council-members begin screeching and hollering like lunatics. Even the Chitin, usually fearful and timid, begins to tap its feet impatiently while mooing at the top of its lungs.

"Muu! Dirt! Muuuuu!!"

"Dirt! How can this planet have so much dirt?! This is incredible! It will change the balance of power!" The Nokomo screeches. "I want bidding rights!"

[No!!] The Glorp howls. [My dirt! Mine!]

The three-legged Squalon skitters around in circles, imagining how many _chee-choos_ it will earn if it can score some of Earth's precious dirt. "Rich! I'm going to be rich!!"

Lorvon, now satisfied by everyone's reactions, chuckles to ximself. Xe allows the chaos to continue for several minutes before vibrating xis proboscis, creating a high-pitched noise that pierces the din. "Brrrrrblllt!! Everyone, silence! That is quite enough, hmph!"

The different Federation members quickly find their conversations unable to continue thanks to the awful noise emitting from Lorvon's vibrating mouth-bits. After a minute, they settle down and fall silent, turning to Lorvon in annoyance.

"Blrrplrpt!" Lorvon chuckles. "I think now, you lot will understand why this meeting is so important. The planet Earth is not only rich in dirt reserves, but almost 100% of its surface is comprised of the soft, tasty matter. We need only worry about the oceans of worthless saltwater covering much of Earth's dirt up to get to its deepest reserves."

The Glorp leans its Jello-like body toward Lorvon. It extends a tendril once again, and Lorvon allows it to speak. [Your Excellency. The dirt's origins. Where? How?]

Lorvon's face falls. "Blat-blrrrt. The dinosaurs were scary, so my xoofle, Lorvon the First... he had an idea to suppress their rising as much as possible before eventually killing them with a meteor. As you all know, the vast majority of planets in the Miramax Galaxy are rocky planets. Well, the, erm, _preventative measures_ my xoofle put in place actually increased the planet's gravity!"

[Increased gravity?] The Glorp asks. [Don't understand. That should exterminate life. More gravity, more dangerous.]

"Exactly!" Lorvon agrees. "Bah-blrrrplt! Everyone knows that raising a planet's gravity should kill off its life! This is a simple truth! However, for some reason, the Earthlings only continued to become stronger and stronger! Thanks to their planet's time dilation, they evolved quickly and became able to withstand the planet's gravity. Eventually, my xoofle launched the meteorite, and now we have today's situation. The humans have small, sturdy bodies. Their brains are tiny, but their muscles are quite strong! Furthermore, this increase in gravity caused the Earth's rocky surface to turn into dirt! This is the secret my xoofle uncovered!"

Several trills and chirps of shock go around the table.

"That can't be! How could raising a planet's gravity cause dirt to form?"

"Xis Excellency must be hiding the truth! We have seen many worlds with high gravity and little dirt!"

"Councilmember Lorvon, explain yourself!"

Lorvon slaps the grav-table. "Order! Order! Blrrrplt! Whether you believe me or not, I speak the truth! High gravity caused the Earth's rocks to break down over time into dirt! That is the truth! Hrmph, hrmph!"

Xis Excellency sweeps xis gaze across all of the gathered delegates.

"Blrrt! All that matters today is that we begin discussions of how we will extort as much dirt as possible from humanity's grasp! Naturally, we should first begin discussing who owns the spotter's rights to this world of dirt. As you all have very little knowledge of Earth's history, and as it was my xoofle who first located this planet and expended xis valuable time and resources to killing the dinosaurs, I, as xis descendant, shall bear this heavy burden! Blllrrplt!"

Several delegates glance at each other in shock. "What? You can't just take all the dirt! That's outrageous!"

The Glorp barely manages to contain its rage. [Councilbeing Lorvon! How could you?! You're too shameless!]

Several aliens protest viciously, but Lorvon merely agitates xis proboscis again, causing another awful high-pitched noise to echo through the air. "Silence! Blrrrplt! You all know the Federation's laws! I have served this council faithfully for many thousands of _hakru_! Therefore, given the circumstances, it should not be out of the question that Earth's dirt-looting rights belong to me, first. Worry not! This planet has far more dirt than I could ever take alone. I will need the help of several species to excavate it, and naturally, that means all of you will have a chance to share in my gains! Bllrrplt!"

The emotions of all the aliens become visibly more agitated at Lorvon's words. This time, nobody questions him, but their misgivings appear, as plain as day.

_How devious. Lorvon is using Earth's abundant dirt to boost his own status._

_If only Lorvon the First were here. Xe would chastise xis xeefle for sure! Xe was a far more honorable Moltoii than xis unfilial heir!_

However, one alien raises his hand. Upon seeing this fellow's boldness, Lorvon calls on him. "Yes, Gling-Gling? Have you anything to say?"

Gling-Gling, a biped with quadruple-arms, pounds the table. "My people, the Gorkons, are strong in body! We should go to this 'Earth' first. Its high gravity will not pose a problem to us, not even if it exceeds seventeen _blarks_!"

"Blrrrplt!" Lorvon laughs. "Are you prepared to give up some benefits?"

"Of course! We will give up fifty percent- no, eighty percent of all the dirt we excavate! These stupid humans will easily fall for our cunning plans and rip their world up once we have our way with them!"

To make his point clearer, Gling-Gling pats his muscled forearms and laughs. "How can humans win when my species is far stronger than theirs? Only the Gorkons have a right to speak at this table!"

Several other delegates offer counterpoints, but most of them begrudgingly admit that they couldn't survive the Earth's intense gravity without special equipment. 

Thus, Lorvon concludes the meeting by slapping the grav-table.

"Ha-hrm! Bllrrrrplt! It is decided! Should anyone else come up with a method to endure the Earth's gravity, I will add them as secondary excavators! For now, the Gorkons will share exclusive access to Earth's dirt with the Moltoii! Meeting adjourned!"

...

Half an hour later, the Gorkon ambassador, Gling-Gling, stands next to Xis Excellency, Lorvon the Third with a cocky smile on his oddly-misshapen face. "Hehe, we Gorkons will keep our word! We're not like those stupid Klaxons."

As the room's participants begins to leave, Lorvon lowers xis voice. "Ahem. About the Klaxons, Gling-Gling..."

Gling-Gling frowns. "Huh? What about them?"

"They arrived on Earth not long ago. That is why I called the meeting. Those idiots got found out by the humans and tried making deals with them. _Blrrt._ I need you to clean up their mess."

Gling-Gling scowls. "Stupid Klaxons! Always knew they were the dumbest aliens out there. I'm surprised they managed to survive Earth's gravity, what with their skinny bodies, big fat heads, and nasty black eyes."

"Never trust a psychic, that's what I always say, blrrrplt!" Lorvon chuckles. The Moltoii extends xis fifteen tendrils out to tap Gling-Gling's chest in the standard farewell. "Live long, and consume dirt! We will await your results, young one! Bring all the Gorkons you need, but watch out for traitors!"

"Not a problem at all, hehe."

Gling-Gling starts to walk away, only for Lorvon to stop him.

"Blrrrplt! Wait. Gling-Gling! One last thing."

Lorvon slides xis slug-like body toward Gling-Gling and whispers.

"...There may be a second intelligent species on Earth. The planet is filled with all kinds of strange life-forms. Its high gravity made all the Earthlings into absurd life-forms."

Gling-Gling nods.

"Like I said, Councilbeing Lorvon. _I've got this under control._ Hehe."

The Gorkon strides away, his swagger more evident than before. 

"Stupid humans won't know what hit 'em."