Part 108: Liar, Liar, Satan the Liar

"Ugh? Guh. Nnn?" 

"Yes! That's the way! Rub those sticks together. Just like that!"

I appear inside Uzziel's mind. She sits at the edge of a forest with a dark-skinned, extremely hairy man. His face is rough, looking only vaguely like any human I know. Given the lack of wings and his short height, he isn't a Titan or an angel.

He looks like a Neanderthal, or some other ancient human.

Uzziel gestures toward a stick held between both of his palms, then motions with her hands. "Now... thou must, ah... rub them together. Do it quickly."

The Neanderthal blinks. "Bun-bun?"

"Like this," Uzziel says, rubbing her palms together to create friction.

The caveman stares at my hands silently for a moment. He mimics me, rubbing them against the stick. It presses into a notch on the log below, but it doesn't create any fire.

"No, do it faster," Uzziel says, increasing her speed. "Like this."

The man nods. A moment later he picks up the stick and snaps it in half, then hands it to me. "Guh?"

"No... not like... haah..." Uzziel sighs. She turns her head around to look at Raphael standing behind her. "They're certainly _slower_ than the demons."

"Mmm," Raphael replies. "So these creatures... they're called monkeys?"

"They're part of the monkey species, according to the Titans. I call them 'humans.'"

Raphael strokes his beard. "And thou believeth these 'humans' will give us energy, as the imps once did?"

"Mhm. I created the imps from scratch, but with my limited mana this time, all I managed to do was change the inner language of these little ones."

Raphael raises an eyebrow. "Inner language?"

Uzziel taps her lip. "'Tis difficult to describe. All beings have a set of rules inside their bodies that explain how they look, act, and feel. I can create life from scratch, but it takes a lot of work. Adjusting the bodies of existing beings is much simpler."

Raphael narrows his eyes. Sweat drips down his head as he nods, clearly unable to understand her words. "Err, yes. I, ah, see. Well, as long as thou art confident these hairy creatures will be of use to us..."

Uzziel hops to her feet and smiles. "Oh, yes! I'll have to teach them some manner of civility, and then show them how to give us mana, but I think I'll succeed."

The old man strokes his beard with his left hand and leans heavily on the staff in his right. "The imps formerly lived with us in Heaven. How will these... these monkeys give us mana while on Earth? Isn't the distance too great?"

"No, no, I've changed their inner language so they can give us energy even over vast distances. Unfortunately, it lessened the amount they generate in their bodies. Compared to the imps, and especially the demons... humans will be quite weak. I'm... worried."

"Worried? About what?"

"About them. The humans." Uzziel reaches a hand up and fiddles with her long, olive-colored hair. "The demons appear to be killing Titans rampantly. First, Valac attacked, and now there is a female ice-manipulator as well. She slew a dozen Titans since her appearance last week. What if they target the humans?"

Raphael shakes his head. "I don't think the demons will do such a thing. These 'humans' are slow, weak, and dumb. They pose no threat to our enemies. The demons seek power and thrills. I suspect their primary goals are all about our destruction, and everything else is secondary."

"Still," Uzziel replies quietly, "we should worry about the safety of our new vassals. Since they won't live in Heaven, they will be under threat from the demons. We must protect them until their numbers increase."

"How many are there now?" Raphael asks.

"A hundred or so. Not enough to benefit us. We must rely on the mana of the Titans, currently. They're acting quite... _stingy_."

I glance over my shoulder. The caveman ignores me completely, and instead chews on his broken stick. He stares into the distance absentmindedly; a blank look stretched across his face.

"As this one demonstrates, educating them will take some time."

Raphael nods. "Thou art correct, sister. I trust thy intuition, but beware. We must treat these new servants differently from the old ones. Do not let Michael learn of thy plans. I fear he will worry that thou art creating another problem."

"A problem? Oh no," Uzziel says with a laugh. She cutely waves her brother's concerns away. "I made these humans far weaker than the imps. They will not betray us. Even if they did, Michael should rest easy knowing they will not pose any threat."

As I speak, the caveman blinks, then sets the stick back against the log. He begins rubbing it between his hands once more. A look of concentration comes over his face as he rubs it harder and harder.

"Oh, look! He finally understands!" Uzziel says. She giggles and kneels down to stare at him. "Yes, that's the way. Thou art close to success, little one!"

Raphael speaks from behind me. "What is thy purpose in training this ape to... to... rub sticks together? Art thou teaching it a trick?"

"No, not a trick. I'm teaching him to make fire."

"I don't understand. Only Uriel and a few cherubim can create fire."

Uzziel shakes her head. She continues watching the caveman. "Fire is caused by a variety of physical forces, brother. 'Tis an essential ingredient in creating life. The Creator formed us from the warmth of his mana. Isn't that what thou hath told me many times before?"

"I suppose," Raphael says. His tone is that of uncertainty. "Thy plan is strange, but I shan't question it. 'Tis my turn to guard Heaven's Gate. I must go and relieve Michael."

Before Raphael leaves, I turn to him and raise my palm. "Ah, wait. Brother, has Camael discovered the source of Uriel's illness? Is she still incapacitated?"

The old man's wings twitch. He appears intent on leaving, but pauses to answer my question anyway. "She has not. Uriel is still unconscious. I sometimes worry she is at death's door. Whatever magical attack that demoness used, our sister has yet to recover from it. After thou dost finish thy business on Earth, thy next visit should be to her side. Uriel will rest easier if thou holdeth her hand."

I lower my gaze. "We need a cure. Whatever struck Uriel, it affected her more intensely than Hercules."

Raphael sighs. "Thy children have caused us much heartache, little sister. Farewell. We await thy return to Heaven. Do not idle here too long."

Raphael spreads his wings, flaps, and flies away. I wave goodbye, but he doesn't notice.

A minute later, once the old man is little more than a speck on the horizon, I return my attention to the caveman. 

"Okay, Gronk! So far, so good. Ye need to-"

I pause and frown. The dry brush beside his log has already caught fire from a stray spark. Gronk looks at me with a stupid grin. "Gah! Gah!"

"Wow! I didn't expect ye to pick that up so quickly. Thou art a smartie pie!" Uzziel kneels again and motions toward the ground. A tiny branch sprouts, growing an apple within seconds, then falls off and lands in her palm. "Fruit for my special boy!"

Gronk takes the apple excitedly and chows down. His oversized jaw gives him the look of a gorilla, but it also allows him to devour the fruit in three bites, core included.

A movement behind Gronk catches my attention. An ugly-looking female with hair across her entire body peeks out from behind a tree curiously. She seems interested in what we're doing.

Uzziel claps her hands. "Oh, Milga! Perfect! I've been wanting to observe thy act of copulation in person! Come over here, please, and give me a demonstration!"

The female grunts. "Guh." She doesn't move.

"Oh, there's no reason to be embarrassed. I'll make sure Gronk is gentle. Come on, then! I'd like to see how the procreation process works for myself."

Several minutes later, Gronk and Milga start smashing bits together, going at it like wild animals. Uzziel stares at them intensely, watching as both moan and grunt in the least erotic ways possible.

"Fascinating. So the pointy end enters the crevice? Why does he thrust so vigorously? I don't understand how this strange act creates an infant. This oddness is what happens when I have no influence over the evolution of life."

Uzziel furrows her brow. Not a drop of excitement regarding the human's sexual activity stirs in her body. She watches with almost clinical dispassion, remaining interested only in how the act occurs. After Gronk finishes, Uzziel stands.

"Well, this has been very educational. I thank thee for the demonstration! I must observe the other animals to see how they reproduce as well."

Gronk's body sags after he finishes exerting himself with Milga. He smiles a stupid grin at me again. "Guh!"

Uzziel turns away. "Hm. The whole process is a bit messy. The fluids, especially... not sure if I like those. I hope the other animals are more interesting to watch."

With a burst of strength, Uzziel flaps her wings, and we take off. She soars into the sky, bathing in the mid-summer sunlight as it warms her back.

_I have to keep a positive attitude,_ Uzziel thinks to herself. _My family is counting on me. These humans are the key to saving ourselves. We can't expect the Titans to give us their energy, vast as it is. The wars might be ancient and erased from our memories, but erasing stigmas will take centuries, possibly millennia._ 

An hour passes. Uzziel lands periodically to investigate various creatures and landmarks. Her fascination with nature and amusement with every little creature gives me a warm feeling inside.

Uzziel loves life. She hates death. In her mind, life is a sacred gift bestowed upon the universe by the Creator. Those who deliberately end it sadden her. She doesn't understand why, due to greed or misfortune, different beings won't come to agreements to maximize their pleasure and reduce their suffering.

Uzziel is potentially one of the kindest people I've ever seen... and this is only a memory of her. I wish I could have befriended her.

Eventually, Uzziel soars over a vast sea. Mountains appear in the distance, including Mount Sinai. This time, however, surprise strikes me as I spot hundreds of angels and Titans milling around its base. Cherubs soar overhead, scouting for danger. Two fifty-foot-tall Titans sit near the tiny entrance to Heaven. The opening is much too small for them to enter, but they serve as mighty guards, ready to crush any attackers.

It seems that Heaven has grown much more fortified over the last week. If the demons attack, they will most likely fail to breach the mountain.

Uzziel lands a mile away in a field of flowers, with a forest to her back. Kneeling over, she begins plucking daffodils, tulips, and daisies. 

_I should brighten the room for Uriel. A little color will help rally her spirits._

A jackrabbit stares at me, not a trace of fear in its eyes. It nibbles on a flower quietly without considering me a threat. Uzziel smiles. She takes a few steps toward it, kneels down, and pets its ears. "Oh, my! Thou art a brave little bunny! So cute, and fluffy too."

She picks the ball of fur up. It doesn't flee, but merely gazes at her silently. She cradles it and continues wandering around, picking flowers at random. "Dost thou thinketh my sister would prefer yellows or reds in her room? We call her the Flame of God, after all, so perhaps she would like reds. Hmm, but some blues would be cute too. I think she ought to try a sky-blue dress someday. She would look adorable, just like you!"

The rabbit, unsurprisingly, offers no response. Uzziel kisses his ears sweetly, then places him on the ground. "Okay, little one. Run along now!"

The rabbit doesn't move. He wiggles his nose at me and immediately begins chewing on another flower.

Suddenly, from the woods behind me, a branch _snapping_ makes me flinch. Startled, the rabbit bolts away faster than lightning. I spin to face the noise.

My blood turns to ice. A demon stares at me. "Mother..."

"Ah! Y-you! Satan!" Uzziel gawks at him, then quickly looks around, expecting an ambush.

"Wait, please. Mother. I came alone. I've been wanting to speak to you."

Satan hesitantly steps forward. His posture is meek, as if he's afraid to startle me. Something seems off. He's not usually like this.

Uzziel takes a step back, keeping her distance. "Why? What honeyed words coulds't thou speak to keep me from calling for reinforcements?"

Satan bows his head. "I know you're angry, Mother. I don't blame you. I've... I've done many bad things."

Uzziel hesitates. "Huh? I don't understand."

"I'm not here to fight. I only wish to talk."

"Is that so? After murdering Samael, and Megara, and killing a hundred Cherubs, ye expect me to believe thee?"

Satan winces. "I screwed up, okay? I didn't... I didn't want things to turn out as badly as they did. Besides, it wasn't all my fault. You and Uriel attacked my troops out of nowhere. We were only defending ourselves! Look at what happened because of you. One of the demons was angry. She attacked several Titans over the last week. I can't control my people. They're too scared to listen."

Uzziel relaxes her posture, but only a little. "Scared? Of what?"

"Your people. The angels." Satan raises his gaze. "I'm tryin' to rein them in, but I can't. Everyone thinks the angels wanna kill us! I'm tryin' to stop the fighting, but you guys keep aggravating the situation!"

Uzziel's jaw drops.

"We are? But- but I thought..."

"That I enjoyed killing? No way! I wanted to save my fellow imps. That's all!" Satan takes several steps toward me. He holds his palms up to show he's unarmed. "Mother, please. Tell me. What happened to the imps in Heaven? Are they alive? Are they dead?"

His voice has a note of pleading in it.

Uzziel's breath catches.

"Ah... they... that is..."

She closes her eyes. 

"...Dead. I'm sorry, Satan. I didn't want them to-"

"Noo!" Satan wails suddenly and falls forward, throwing himself to the ground. The sudden outburst makes Uzziel flinch. "Not my brothers and sisters! Uwaah! They were innocent! Mother, how could you let them die? I thought you loved us! I thought you wanted peace! Uwahhh!"

Tears flow down Satan's face.

I gaze at him from inside Uzziel's mind. My suspicions slowly begin to rise.

This piece of shit... _he's lying_. He's faking his tears. Satan already knows what happened to the imps in Heaven. Samael told him.

He's planning something. But _what?_

Uzziel walks toward Satan, kneels, and touches his back softly. I wince, expecting an attack, but Satan doesn't try anything. "I'm sorry, little one! I... I attempted to stop my brothers, but their only desire was to wreak havoc."

Crocodile tears rush down Satan's face. "All I want is for you to forgive me! I don't know what I was thinking! Don't you love me anymore, Mother? Don't I deserve to live, too? I don't want to be scared for the rest of my life, hide in caves, and fear the light of day!"

Uzziel winces.

_The poor thing,_ she thinks to herself. _I can't believe I never tried to talk to him. All this time, he's been suffering in silence. Why couldn't I show more compassion?_

Rage boils in my chest.

Satan is lying to her, and she's swallowing the bait whole. Uzziel is too kind, too caring, too innocent. She fell for his lies once before, and now she's doing it again. Her faith in others is misplaced. She isn't only a pacifist, but naive too.

"My apologies, Satan. I have forsaken thee. What can I do to help?"

Satan wipes his tears away. Almost immediately, his tenor changes. He raises his eyes to meet mine. "Are all my brothers and sisters in Heaven dead? All of them?"

Uzziel winces. "N-nay. Two remain. Friends of thine from when ye... when ye attacked us."

Satan keeps his gaze fixed on mine. "So... Deebs and Bael? They're alive?"

"They are. Why? I can't simply release them, not after what thy demoness friend did to Uriel. Nobody would stand for it! She lies comatose, unable to move."

Satan's eyes light up. "Uriel, you say... ah, that's right!" Satan jumps to his feet, startling Uzziel. She nearly falls on her butt, but Satan grabs her hand and pulls her to her feet.

"I came to speak to you about Uriel," Satan says. "I can, uh, heal her!"

"You can? Really?!"

Confidence appears in Satan's posture. His face is already dry, further proof his tears were only a facade to manipulate Uzziel. "Damn straight. I've got this friend; name's Grigori. He can heal her up in a jiffy."

Satan snaps his fingers and turns around. "Yo, Grigori. Come on out."

From the forest, a gangly looking demon with skinny arms and withered legs peeks out from behind a tree. Grigori slowly trudges toward us, his animal-skin robes dragging on the ground beside him. "Mmm. Here I am, boss."

Uzziel doesn't question Satan about why he claimed he was alone when he actually wasn't. It unnerves me that she can be so naive.

Satan returns his gaze to me. "I'll make you a deal, Mother. I want to see my boys. Grigori here can heal Uriel. You let me save my two demons, and I'll have Grigori heal Uriel. We can talk about a peace treaty after that."

Uzziel licks her lips. Thoughts bubble in her mind as she quickly considers his request.

"Art thou serious, Satan? Thou woulds't do such a thing for me?"

Despite the doubt in her voice, Satan grins jovially. "'Course I would. I love you, Mother. I'd never betray you. It's Michael who scares me. If he weren't so violent, all this trouble could've been avoided. Don't you agree?"

Uzziel nods. "Indeed. I love my brother... but his personality is too rough for delicate situations. Samael, Uriel, and Michael all mistreated thy people. I understand thy grievances with them specifically. I wish thou had spoken with me before attacking us... I never wanted thee to suffer."

Satan waves his hand. "Look, you guys killed more imps than we killed angels: a hundred cherubs, and tens of thousands of my brothers and sisters. I say we consider it water under the log. If you promise nobody will hurt me, I'll go to Heaven with you and heal Uriel. Doesn't that sound nice? I'll go alone, just you, me, and Grigori. Two demons like us can't possibly cause any problems, right?"

Uzziel glances in the distance, towards Mount Sinai. In the skies above, thousands of angels soar about, forming a surveillance net where nothing can enter Heaven without them knowing.

"Yes. I understand, Satan. No tricks, right? Woulds't thou utter a lie to thy Mother?"

Satan shakes his head. "Oh, no! Never! Nor would Grigori... _right?_"

"Nope. Never, ever," Grigori replies.

Several seconds pass.

Uzziel exhales.

"Haah... okay. Alright. I shall guide thee into Heaven, Satan. Only the two of thee. Nobody else, no tricks. Understood?"

Satan salutes me. "Of course, Mother. On my honor as one of your children."

A flicker of doubt appears in Uzziel's mind. Something about Satan's smile seems to tip her off to the fact he might be lying. However, her optimism brushes it aside.

_No. Satan wouldn't betray me. He's a good boy. Rebellious, but smart. He only wants what's best for his people. I can't assume the worst... even if... even if he did cause Samael's death..._

Uzziel turns her back to Satan. Hesitantly, she begins leading him toward Heaven.

A pit forms in my stomach.

Don't do it, Uzziel. Don't. He's manipulating you.

Uzziel doesn't hear me. She can't.

I can only hope Satan won't do what he's certainly _going to do_.