Part 608: Friends of Phoenix

Frustrated by his inability to catch the elusive Executor Nufaris, Beelzebub returns to the Tarus system. He stares despondently at the location where Tarus II once existed, now nothing more than tens of trillions of fragments of rock spewing out in all directions, likely to someday crash into the other planets across the system, as well as obliterate the moon of Kelkin on impact.

But with all the humans on Kelkin saved, what few there were, the survival of a sparse moonbase means nothing to Beelzebub. Instead, he feels a small hole in his heart.

"I failed them." Beelzebub says, lowering his head. "I promised these humans I would be better, become strong enough to protect them... but I couldn't protect anything. Now they're gone. All that remains are those who escaped to the Labyrinth."

With nothing better to do, Beelzebub follows the link of Cosmic energy chaining him to a secret hidden dimensional space. With surprising ease, he levitates forward and appears in this space, causing all the stars of the Milky Way to vanish, plunging him into deep darkness.

Up ahead, he spots a seemingly tiny golden cube, one that radiates lingering cosmic power, yet is clearly not as powerful as it should be.

Beelzebub flies forward, easily traveling tens of thousands of kilometers every second. At his casual sub-light pace, he draws closer and closer to the cube, which he quickly discovers is not small at all. In fact, it is quite massive, much bigger than the red giant star located within Tarus's system. At this scale, ten thousand Tarus II's could fit inside.

The closer he draws, the more awed Beelzebub becomes. He's never heard of this artifact before. Its very existence blindsides him, making him wonder what this object is and why, exactly, he's become attached to it.

Just as Beelzebub slows to a stop a thousand kilometers away, a figure instantly appears before him and starts speaking loudly, giving him a jumpscare.

[HI BEST FRIEND! I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR YOU!]

"Ahh!" Beelzebub exclaims, nearly jumping out of his skin. He reflexively punches a fireball at the 'attacker' but the attack instead disappears inside the tiny little flaming bird's body, making her do a loop-the-loop in excitement.

[Wow! Thank you for the fire! That's really nice of you!]

Beelzebub pauses for a few seconds, taking stock of this strange, tiny little bird.

"...Phoenix? Are you the Phoenix?"

[Well yeah, Best Friend! Who else could I be?] The Phoenix asks in her cute little girl voice. [You ask funny questions! You're funny!]

Beelzebub remains quiet for a moment. He recalls the time when a strange bird flew out of Jason and empowered his body. This led to his ascension to Demon Emperor, or rather, to Demon Overlord. It cleansed away his impurities and removed the taint of soul manipulation from him, allowing him to not only regain his former power but ascend far beyond it.

"What... is this giant cube?" Beelzebub asks. "And how are you related to it?"

[Oh, that's easy. My Bestest Best Friend made it for me!] The Phoenix chirps. [My Creator! She was a really nice person. I think. I don't actually remember her... or much of anything. Ohh!! Do you wanna come inside? I have lots of Small Friends in here!]

"Small Friends?" Beelzebub asks, befuddled.

He thinks for a moment, ultimately deciding that this Phoenix wouldn't harm him, given their apparent close relationship.

"Alright. Show me around. I could use something to distract myself."

[Okay! Great! Just follow me to the big stinky doorway.] The Phoenix says.

Beelzebub levitates after the Phoenix. He raises an eyebrow at her words.

_How is a doorway 'stinky'? This Phoenix seems rather unreliable._

Before long, they arrive at a massive circular entrance leading inside the Cube. Big enough to fit ten Tarus II's, if it weren't for Beelzebub's cosmic senses, he might have trouble following its perimeter with his vision.

Once inside, Beelzebub and the Phoenix fly forward, and Beelzebub unsurprisingly finds that there isn't the faintest whiff of a 'stinky' odor in the air.

Then he gets the shock of his life.

All throughout the Cube, hundreds of autonomous machines buzz around, each one ranging in size from a moon to a planet. These machines do not function on technological principles, but magical ones. Energy churns around inside them as they perform various duties, mostly amounting to maintaining life support all throughout the Cube's interior.

To Beelzebub's surprise, outside of the Cube there is a vacuum like space, but after passing through the entrance, he arrives in a colossal interior space filled with oxygen and other life-uplifting gasses, all perfectly suited to Sentient needs.

And the longer Beelzebub looks, the more astonished he becomes. All throughout the Cube, there are 'bubbles' resembling small planets turned inside-out. Within these bubbles, Beelzebub senses the aura of humans and monsters living good lives, all within slightly time accelerated domains ranging from two to ten times Realspace speed.

"This Cube... is amazing." Beelzebub whispers. "Phoenix! How many humans are in here?"

The Phoenix pauses her flying. She spins around a few times, looking a little befuddled.

[Oh... I don't know... maybe a hundred?]

"That few?" Beelzebub asks. "Impossible. I sense at least a thousand in that little watery-bubble right over there!"

He points to one of the nearest planet-bubbles, and the Phoenix nods.

[That's what I said, Best Friend. There's a hundred Small Friends. A hundred thousand!]

"Oh! A hundred thousand? That's a good number, then." Beelzebub mutters.

The Phoenix continues flying deeper into the Cube, and Beelzebub follows her, his attention mostly focused on the humans all around him.

_I don't know how many humans made it into the Labyrinth, but with the Wordsmiths dead, they're in grave danger! The humans here are a lot safer, especially now that they're under my protection, and their population will rapidly increase with time acceleration boosting their reproduction. But I can't ignore all the humans in Realspace._

"Phoenix," Beelzebub says, "There are other humans out in Realspace. Can you help me rescue them? I don't know how to get to the Labyrinth from here."

The Phoenix turns her head back to look at him.

[Realspace? Labyrinth? What are those?]

"You... don't know?" Beelzebub asks. "Then where did all these humans come from?"

[Big Ugly Rock.] The Phoenix says, seemingly losing interest. [I tried to save all the Small Friends like Good Friend told me, but then Big Ugly Rock disappeared. Rest of Small Friends disappeared with it.]

"Oh." Beelzebub says, his expression falling.

_The Phoenix has a strange way of referring to people._ Beelzebub contemplates. _Big Ugly Rock must have been Tarus II. And her thinking is rather childish. I wonder if she even understands that all those people died._

Beelzebub doesn't press the issue. The Phoenix's immature way of speaking doesn't change the fact that it was her power which Uplifted him. He would never mock her, especially after she boosted him enough to take partial revenge on the Volgrim.

Beelzebub's gaze flicks inward. He scowls at Sartran's soul, thinking of all the ways he'll soon torture his so-called 'mentor' for information.

But now isn't the time.

"So, Phoenix, where are we going?" Beelzebub asks. "Where are you taking me?"

The Phoenix's expression lights up. Her bird-beak seems to curve up into a cute smile as she pauses her forward flight to buzz around Beelzebub excitedly.

[Great question, Best Friend! Good Friend went to sleep recently, but he won't wake up. I need your help to wake him up! You can do it, right? Right?]

Beelzebub raises an eyebrow. "You need my help to wake someone up? I mean, _I guess_. What's his name?"

The Phoenix pauses to give Beelzebub a strange look.

[I just told you, silly. He's Good Friend! Not as good of friend as Best Friend, but still Good Friend! Good Friend woke Phoenix up and made the Container stop being mean to Phoenix. Phoenix likes Good Friend! Good Friend gave Phoenix lots of Small Friends to play with too! Now Phoenix isn't bored all the time!]

Just as Beelzebub is about to say something, a mild sense of danger suddenly rushes toward him from behind. He quickly turns around to see a titanic floating twenty-sided star racing forward before abruptly coming to a stop half a kilometer away. Its presence dwarfs him in size like a skyscraper compared to an ant.

[HMM BRRM BRRM.]

The mechanical 'star' buzzes something incomprehensible at Beelzebub, but for some reason, he intuitively understands its speech.

[STATE YOUR DESIGNATION.]

Beelzebub frowns. "What are you?"

His refusal to answer the question angers the star. Its central core starts to glow red as it charges up an attack.

[INTRUDER DETECTED. ELIMINATE.]

"Who are you calling an intruder? The Phoenix invited me here, you lump of scrap metal!" Beelzebub snaps back. "You want to fight me?! Come on, give it your best shot!"

[Hey!] The Phoenix says, jumping between Beelzebub and the star. She snarls nastily at it. [Stupid Annoying Dummy! Go away! You're upsetting my Best Friend! You Big Jerk!]

The star pauses charging its attack.

[INTRUDER DESIGNATION?]

[He's Best Friend! Do you hear me, Big Jerk?? HE'S! BEST! FRIEND! Now go away!]

The star lowers its attacking intent.

[NOT INTRUDER?]

[No! He's a guest! You have to be nice to my guests!]

Just like that, the star deactivates its attack programming. It powers down, turns around, and flies away, accelerating from a dead stop to a breathtaking speed in an instant. It becomes a speck in the distance within seconds.

"...The hell was that?" Beelzebub asks, after it has left.

[One of the Ten Annoying Dummies.] The Phoenix replies, seemingly pouting. [Used to hurt me a lot until Good Friend made them a little nicer. But they're still mean! Stupid Big Jerks.]

Beelzebub scratches his head.

_This place is weird._

It doesn't take much longer before they arrive at what Beelzebub estimates to be the central nexus of the entire Cube. There, a large stone platform levitates, nearly invisible strings of energy spreading out in all directions to control the climate of all the micro-worlds inside, as well as to empower the Cube's sentries and maintenance drones.

But that isn't what draws Beelzebub's attention.

Instead, he is shocked to feel a familiar soul resting atop the platform, enveloped in a flaming, divine barrier of energy to prevent the soul from escaping to the Great Beyond.

"That's... Jason Hiro's soul?!" Beelzebub exclaims, shocked beyond belief. "I thought- I thought he would have been trapped inside the Lazarus Tower when it was obliterated! To think he was here! Does that mean we can revive him??"

The Phoenix flies around Jason's soul playfully.

[Of course, silly! You always ask the funniest questions. Good Friend lost his body and he's sleeping now. But you can wake him up!]

Beelzebub's surprise turns to elation and excitement, but then his expression deflates.

"I can? But how? I don't know how to revive other people. Phoenix, are you sure I can do it?"

The Phoenix bobs up and down, almost as if nodding with her whole body.

[Yuppers! You can! But, err, well...]

She loses some of her enthusiasm, then she flies over and lands on Beelzebub's shoulder.

[Best Friend is really strong. Stronger than me. But Best Friend has to become weak to save Good Friend. Phoenix doesn't want to hurt Best Friend, but Phoenix also doesn't want Good Friend to sleep forever.]

Beelzebub remains quiet for a moment.

He thinks about the implications behind her words.

"I'm a Middle Cosmic now, and you're clearly much weaker than me. Are you saying that in order to revive Jason Hiro, I need to give up my power?"

The Phoenix nods her little head, ever so slightly. Her expression turns downcast.

[Phoenix is sorry. This is the only way. Phoenix doesn't want Best Friend to be weak, especially when Best Friend was so happy about becoming stronger before. Phoenix also sensed that Bad People hurt Good Friend. If Best Friend becomes weaker, Bad People might return and hurt Best Friend and Small Friends. Phoenix doesn't want her friends to suffer.]

Beelzebub remains quiet for a moment.

"This... 'weakening'. Is it permanent?"

[Yeah.] The Phoenix mutters softly. [Best Friend will have to get stronger again in some other way. You won't regain your strength over time.]

"I see." Beelzebub says.

Beelzebub becomes very still for a time.

He thinks carefully on the long term ramifications of this choice.

Right now, the Volgrim have lost the Threat of their Middle Cosmic, but they still have many powerful 8th and 7th Level Psions in their army. If just a handful of them attack, and Beelzebub isn't a Middle Cosmic anymore, the Cube will be in grave danger.

But at the same time, Jason's revival will mean a much brighter future for humanity. The Wordsmith can surely continue to innovate powerful new spells and abilities over time, uplifting humanity as a whole.

Furthermore, Beelzebub thinks to himself that he _personally_ owes Jason a great debt. If it weren't for Jason inadvertently bestowing the Phoenix upon him, Beelzebub would have remained a mortal for the rest of his short, miserable life.

Even if giving up his power would result in him becoming a mortal again... it would still be worth it for repaying the debt he owes.

Beelzebub stays silent for only a few minutes. He thinks about many things. He contemplates the consequences of this choice.

And he ultimately makes his decision.

"Don't worry about it, Phoenix. I rose to a Middle Cosmic once already. So what if I have to do it again?"

Beelzebub sneers. His ego rapidly begins to inflate as a haughty expression imprints upon his face. He crosses his arms and assumes a domineering stance.

"Hah! The Great Beelzebub, backing down from a challenge? Unlikely! As if I'd fear having to work my way up to a Cosmic again. You know what? It was too easy the first time around! The second time, I ought to put a little effort into my Uplifting. It's no fun having someone else boost me by accident. Much better to work and improve my power the old fashioned way!"

[Wowowow!] The Phoenix chirps happily. [Best Friend is so cool! Best friend isn't scared of anything! Okay, so you want to help Phoenix wake up Good Friend now?]

"Yeah. Do what you have to." Beelzebub says, lowering his crossed arms to stare at Jason's soul seriously. "What do you need from me?"

The Phoenix flies over to the Wordsmith's soul. She lands atop it like a bird taking a perch. Then she looks at Beelzebub.

[Give Phoenix your power. Phoenix will do the rest.]

Beelzebub nods. In spite of his bravado, he still hesitates for a moment, but pushes through his wariness without hesitation.

_I owe him this much!_

Beelzebub summons his Cosmic energy. He begins carefully beaming it to the Phoenix through their invisible link, but the Phoenix swallows it so greedily and so easily that Beelzebub starts to turn up the pressure, sending more and more of his Cosmic power every second.

All the while, Beelzebub's Middle Cosmic energy rapidly deflates. He begins to feel somewhat sickly, and then, it happens.

He drops to the level of a Low Cosmic.

Slightly saddened by the reality of this loss, Beelzebub continues to press onward. He roars with fury and sends an even more powerful flood of energy the Phoenix's way, and she absorbs that too!

Before long, his Low Cosmic status also disappears. Beelzebub drops to the level of a Bottom Cosmic, the same as Mephisto.

Several minutes later, his energy finally plunges below the Cosmic level.

He returns to the realm of mortals, assuming the rank of Demon Overlord.

[That's... enough...] The Phoenix says, her expression pained.

Beelzebub stops transferring his energy. He blinks in surprise, having expected needing to give the Phoenix all of his energy and returning to the level of an ordinary mortal. Remaining at a Demon Overlord power is an extremely good outcome, especially compared to his fears.

But Beelzebub stops paying attention to any of that. His eyes widen as the Phoenix's tiny body rapidly assimilates his Cosmic power. It releases Jason's soul and takes to the air, crying out in pain and ecstasy as its miniature form inflates in size, quickly surpassing Beelzebub's height, then growing bigger, bigger, bigger...

Beelzebub's eyes nearly pop out of their sockets. The Phoenix grows until it reaches the level of the Sentry Stars, completely dwarfing Beelzebub with its immensity. It cries out again, screeching to the void and causing his brain to buzz with pain.

[I remember now.] The Phoenix says, no longer sounding childish and innocent. Its voice booms with the divine grace and gravitas of an ancient, wizened women far beyond her years. Her eyes sparkle with insight as she regains countless ancient memories previously locked away within her psyche.

[My creator: Camael. My purpose: To contain the Dark Dragon. My battle: Neverending. My suffering: Immeasurable. The weakening of my soul over the eons. The Dark Dragon's struggle to the bitter end. Its sudden and violent... _escape._]

The Phoenix's eyes burn with peerless radiance. It sweeps its gaze across the Milky Way, frowning as it fails to detect the aura of its tormentor.

[Dead? Impossible. There are no Apex Cosmics alive now. How could that ancient fiend have perished? It must still be out there, somewhere, hiding.]

Then, the Phoenix turns its frightening gaze upon Beelzebub.

[Small one. Best Friend. You have revived a portion of my power. I offer my deepest gratitude. I am no longer strong enough to contend with that abomination from the Primordial Era, but now that I need not suppress it, I can seek out ways to increase my Cosmic Energy once more. I have already paid The Creator a visit. He has explained to me the current state of the galaxy. This is no longer a flourishing era, but a dead one, ripe for exploitation by the Milky Way's many enemies.]

Beelzebub feels a sense of primal awe from deep within his soul. The sheer majesty on display by the formerly silly bird goes way beyond anything he expected.

He only intended to revive Jason Hiro. He had no idea he would accidentally awaken this powerhouse.

"Phoenix? You're so... big! I didn't expect- I mean, did you _intend_ for this to happen?"

The Phoenix looks at him blankly.

[My naive, weakened form knew very little of the galactic situation, or of mortal happenings. Guided purely by instincts, she only sought to revive the entity known as the Wordsmith, Jason Hiro. It is our good fortune that my embarrassing, weak little self managed to bring forth her former glory, even if purely by accident. I am ashamed you had to see me in such a pitiful state, my Best Friend.]

Beelzebub blushes slightly. Being called a 'Best Friend' by such an overwhelmingly powerful entity just doesn't feel as cute and endearing as before.

But, he wagers secretly that he'll get used to it in time.

"Can you bring back Jason Hiro now?" Beelzebub asks.

The Phoenix sweeps her mighty gaze over his soul.

[Indeed, I can. Though not a trivial feat to perform, it is well within my power. Due to the manner of his body's destruction, his soul has suffered some damage. Nothing I cannot repair. Because of his wise decision to tie his existence to mine, I possess many Cosmic inroads to the pathways of his soul. Reviving him is little more than a matter of a short time.]

Beelzebub bows his head. "Great Phoenix, I beseech you to revive the Wordsmith. The galaxy's fate relies on him."

The Phoenix remains quiet for a short time.

She recalls a certain divine vision her creator once spoke to her about in great secrecy, a prophecy of universal importance.

[More than you know. Less than you think. And _certainly_ not in the way that you expect, my Best Friend.]

Magical energy swells within the Phoenix's chest. She taps into the full power of her newly revived Cosmic might and chuckles.

[Tis' a shame that I am only a Middle Cosmic. If I were an Apex Cosmic like in the past, bringing Jason Hiro back would take less than a second. Ah, the vicissitudes of time...]

She sends a beam of heavenly energy directly into Jason's soul, causing his psyche to scream in pain.

Some time afterward, The Wordsmith is reborn...