Part 36: Aftermath, Agony, Accusation

[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVy8EkhQvoI)

Carrying dead men and women around shouldn't bother me. Heaven knows I've done it enough in my life. Easing myself down, I heft a bearded soldier down next to a line of other dead men, then stand up, rubbing my sore back. For over an hour now, those who survived Beelzebub's attack and the reserves from Tarus II have been lining up the thousands of dead in the Core wherever we can make room, identifying them, and noting their names down. My lip trembles as I spot a familiar Kitsune, one I spoke to not three hours ago. "Piper... you were a good boy." I sit down next to him and stroke his soft, red fur.

He and Henry must have rushed in when the fighting began. From the reports I've heard, Beelzebub directed his soulfire at the gate when the soldiers started funneling inside, creating a killzone and blocking the path for the rest. Piper was one of the first to run inside. _Of course he was,_ I think, as a tear rolls down my cheek. _He was a good boy._

Henry sits nearby, rocking back and forth on his feet. He's one of the younger men, an offworlder who wasn't part of Bahamut's legions. Heck, he's older than Jason, at twenty, but still only a kid. 

_Just when he thought he had started making friends and getting used to a world without demonic oppression..._

Henry meets my gaze but quickly looks away. He chokes awkwardly and tries to pretend he doesn't want to cry. I want to say something, only to hesitate when the succubus, Samantha, appears at his side. Ever since her arrival, I've noticed her walking around and comforting as many soldiers as she can.

"Do you want to talk about anything, sweetie?" She wraps her arm around Henry comfortingly. Henry's eyes dilate as her succubus aura works its way into his mind, but the grief from losing his best friend overpowers any urges he might have.

Henry bites his lip and shakes his head. "I want to cry... but I can't. I can't feel anything. There's a hole."

Samantha kisses his cheek and pulls his head closer, resting it on her shoulder. "I know, little one. Losing the person you love hurts more than anything in the world. Here, let it out. Nobody will judge you."

Henry resists for only three seconds before her aura overpowers him, and finally, he succumbs and buries his face in his hands. "Uwaaah! It's not fair! Piper didn't deserve to die! He never hurt a fly! He was the nicest fox in the whole world!!"

Samantha nods soothingly, and slowly her eyes meet mine. She doesn't say anything at all.

The Kitsune, Felaris, and Wolfkin are some of the most peaceful creatures in the Labyrinth. Comprised of foxes, cats, and wolves, they're animalistic demi-humans often hunted for their fur. While territorial, they only guard and fight in self-defense. They've survived because they remain neutral, no matter what conflict happens. Even so, sometimes vile beings will slaughter and capture their citizens for nefarious purposes.

They're beautiful creatures that don't deserve a senseless death. Nobody does, of course, but especially not them.

Henry's sobbing intensifies. He hiccups and sniffles, all while choking down burning tears. After a while, Samantha pulls away from him, laying him on the ground to curl up in a ball and release his emotions. The poor man is in such anguish that he doesn't even notice her leave.

Samantha slinks over to me and holds out her hand. "Get up. Come with me. Being around all of your dead friends is killing you inside."

I shake my head. "I'm fine."

"Don't lie to an empath," She warns.

After a few moments, I relent. Taking Samantha's hand, I pull myself up and eyeball her. We've barely spoken since the cleanup began. She's been going from man to man, helping out with carrying bodies, usually two and four at a time, while stopping every so often to speak with anyone in distress, including the women.

She's several inches taller than me, perhaps a little over six feet tall. Her horns add to that, making her more imposing and menacing looking, yet somehow, perhaps by virtue of her scant clothing and beautiful smile, she manages to appear smaller and less intimidating than the average demon.

_Samantha is incredible,_ I think to myself, averting my gaze. _Better than me. She's nowhere close to the verge of tears._

Samantha rubs her right arm. "Your inner aura is in turmoil. It's been a long time since I met a human so conflicted. Come, leave the rest to the men, they can handle it. You need alone time."

I don't argue, allowing her to lead me off to a far corner of the room. The empty looks in the eyes of many men as they drag and carry former comrades from here to there makes me want to cry, but also to punch something.

_Dammit. If only Jason were here, he could have defeated that demon in seconds._

_Phoebe, stop! You can't expect Jason to do everything! He can't be everywhere at once!_

_But what if he wasn't gone? He could have-_

"Phoebe? Are you enjoying the view?" Samantha's voice startles me. I look up and realize I'm standing in front of a wall, staring at my shoes, blankly. 

"Uh, n-no. Sorry. I have a lot on my mind."

Samantha sighs and plunks down against the wall, crosses her legs, then pats a spot to her right. "Sit here."

"Do I have to?"

"No. But you should."

She has a way with words. Maybe it's her succubus aura, though I don't think it's supposed to work on females. Maybe I want someone to talk to, so I'm just following her orders.

Crouching down, I sit beside Samantha, wrap my arms around my legs, and rest my head on my knees.

Neither of us says anything for a full minute.

My anxiousness gets the better of me. "So... you're a succubus, huh?"

Samantha edges a little closer and wraps her arm around me. "Mhm. I wasn't expecting small talk, but that's decent for a conversation starter."

I smile, in spite of the pain in my chest. "S-sorry. I'm not... I don't know how to handle..."

Samantha surprises me by reaching over and putting a finger to my lips. "Shh. I understand. I've lost those I care about too. I've watched idiot men run off and start war after war, getting themselves killed and leaving me behind. You get used to it after the first hundred times, but it never stops aching."

Her finger on my lips stirs up odd feelings in my chest. I quickly turn my head away to clear my thoughts. "I knew so many of the people who died..."

"Have you ever lost the person closest to you?"

"No. Not really." I pause. 

A face appears in my mind. 

_Percival._ 

"I lied. Yes."

"I can see the look in your eyes. We're birds of a feather." Samantha strokes my cheek, then pulls away from me, fluffing her hair out and fanning it across her chest. "You're a woman who cares about everyone around her, Phoebe. I've heard rumors of your kindness. It's no wonder the Hero finds you attractive."

"J-Jason? The Hero! You know about him?"

When I turn to look at her, Samantha caresses her lips with the same finger she used to touch mine. "Well, I _have_ been living here for over two months. I'm not especially sociable, nor bright, but I can at least determine who runs the place."

My eyes raise to her horns. "But... you're... a high ranking demon. Certainly higher than Beelzebub..."

"So? Do you hate me because of my skin? My horns?"

I shake my head immediately. "No. Jason always says we can't judge others based on their appearance. He learned that lesson from someone important to him."

"That's wonderful!" Samantha leans against me again, sticking her tongue out and licking my cheek. "I do love those who are open-minded about the world." 

I yelp in surprise and fall back. "Wh-what are you doing?"

She smiles coyly and pulls back. "Just having a bit of fun. Sometimes, when things hurt the most, you have to force a smile. Did it bother you?"

Shaking my head, I sit up again. "No. I was- it was a little shocking. A woman's never done something like that to me before."

Samantha folds her arms over her chest. "Ah, I see. I'm sorry, I'm terrible at respecting personal boundaries. When I see someone I like, I take a risk with my heart."

"Someone you... like? Me?"

"Yes. I like you. Do you like me?"

I shake my head, pause, nod, then shake my head again. "I... I don't- you saved us, but I barely know you. As an acquaintance, yes, but- do you mean..."

"As a companion, of course. Nothing more." Samantha rubs her back against the wall. "I'm just teasing, Phoebe. Let's move past my bad manners. The reason I wanted to talk to you... well, erm..."

She pauses and looks away, averting her eyes from mine. I crane my neck to look at her. "What reason?"

Samantha blushes, her red skin deepening noticeably. "Mmm. Well, I've seen you walking around, and there's a tremendous feeling of loneliness emanating from you. Have you slept well, lately?"

The succubus turns to look at me, scrutinizing my expression as I consider my answer. "No. Not very. Some nights are better than others."

"Because of Jason, right? The Hero?"

"Yes. Jason calls me every so often with his power, but we don't talk long. I usually sleep well for a night after, but then insomnia ruins me again. Why are you asking?"

"I have a sense about these things. Phoebe, have you considered visiting him?"

"No." I shake my head. "He's deep in the Labyrinth right now, on a personal mission to... well, it's private."

A thoughtful look crosses Samantha's face. She rocks left and right, resting her arms in her lap as she gazes at the ceiling. "He could have defeated that power-hungry Lord in a snap. How unfortunate he wasn't here."

I nod sullenly. "Yes. Err, you let Beelzebub go... can- can you tell me why? Did you know him?"

Samantha waves a hand. "No. It's more that I hate killing, even if someone else is a mass murderer. Violence has consumed demonkind since our creation. There's only one person I'd ever kill, but I'm satisfied by her punishment."

A question pops into my head. "Who are you referring to? I mean, if you don't mind my asking."

Samantha's smile vanishes. Her face hardens into steel as she lowers her eyes. "The Black Witch, Amelia Greyheart. She brutally murdered the demon I loved. I hate her with every fiber of my being. However, someone locked her away. Forced to scream and cry for all eternity. I'd be happier to flay the skin and meat from her bones, but the current punishment will suffice."

My lips quiver as I stare at Samantha. _She doesn't know about Amelia's release! Oh my god! She'll be enraged when she finds out!_

Samantha continues before I can interject. "I owe the Hero a lot, you know. 'Twas a Hero who mercilessly attacked and violated Amelia. Joan drove the Black Witch back, pounded, stabbed, and sliced her for days on end before finally freezing her in stone for all eternity. Jason isn't Joan, but... toward him... I feel..."

"...Gratitude?"

"Yes."

I nod slowly. "If... I... well... you should know... about Amelia."

Samantha glances at me. "You know her?"

"Something like that. Ahh. I don't know how to tell you this, Samantha... but she escaped. She isn't in that statue anymore."

I clench my teeth together, not wanting to tell her, _and it was Jason who released the Black Witch, through no fault of his own._

Samantha stares at the ground silently. Several long seconds pass, and her hands curl together, tearing her black pantyhose as they scrape against the delicate fabric. "No. No, no, no. You must be lying. She can't- that's..."

"I'm not. Jason is planning to fight and kill her. She devoured an entire planet full of humans."

"She what?!" The succubus whips her head to glare daggers at me. "An entire planet?! Do you know how dangerous she is?!"

"Yes. Amelia maimed and nearly killed Jason."

"Haah... haah..." Samantha's body shakes as she inhales and exhales audibly. Her voice trembles. "I can't believe- I mean... he's going to fight.... can he win? Does he know what he's up against?"

"I believe so," I say. However, in my mind I think, _I'm not sure he does._

"I didn't realize things had changed this much." Samantha unclenches her hands, exhales one last time, and releases her anger silently. "I'm something of a free soul. I hate working hard. I don't pay the slightest attention to anything that doesn't interest me: politics, demon rankings, none of those things. Ever since the man I loved died, I haven't cared about much. And now the one who tore him to pieces is roaming free, terrorizing millions."

Without thinking, I throw myself at Samantha, wrapping my arms around her. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry! I didn't mean to hurt you! I didn't-"

Immediately, she reciprocates, twining herself around me. "D-don't apologize, Phoebe. I'm glad. You're kind and honest. You'll tell me the truth, even if it hurts. Living among demons, I rarely have such a luxury."

My hands stroke her long hair as we hold each other. Me, thinking of Jason, and her, thinking of Amelia.

After a minute, we pull apart. Samantha smiles cheerfully, even as a tear rolls down her face. "I haven't cried for several millennia. I don't even know why I'm sad!"

"You're not sad, I say, touching her cheek. "You're happy. Jason is going to tear her apart. I know it!"

She averts her gaze, and the look on her face echoes my thoughts. _I only hope Jason is up to the task._

---

[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-xpMRCnJRE)

"Neil?"

I whisper as I enter the army commander's office. According to the soldiers, he's in here, but... they said that after carrying all the bodies he wished to be left alone.

Stepping inside, I find him sitting in his chair, laying onto his desk with his head in his arms. Neil doesn't reply to my call.

"Neil? It's me. Phoebe."

Slowly, he raises his head and turns to look at me. "Oh. Phoebe. I see you've finished speaking to that succubus." 

His voice has a spiteful edge to it.

"Yes. Her name is Samantha. She's the one who saved us from Beelze-"

"I know who she is... and _what she did_." Neil snaps. He grinds his teeth together. "She let him go. The one who killed my men. Five thousand and four hundred of them. Good men. Honest men. They wanted nothing more than to be left alone... and Beelzebub slaughtered them like dogs."

Cautiously, I approach him and examine the grief on his face. "I know. They were all my friends too. Samantha had her reasons."

"Reasons? REASONS?!" Neil leaps to his feet, knocking his chair over and startling me. He grabs the desk and flings it to the side, sending mountains of papers and ink flying. "I don't give a damn about her reasons! She let a mass-murdering psychopath walk free! There's no excuse! She's working for THEM!"

I quickly back away. "N-Neil, please. I know you're angry. I'm angry too — but at Beelzebub. Samantha saved us. If it weren't for her, he would have killed you, then me, then-"

"I don't care!" Neil kicks the chair at his feet, sending it flying across the room and into a sword display. The metal weapons inside crash to the floor with a bang. "Where the hell was Jason during all of this?! Where was he when my men died? Why did we have to be at the mercy of a she-devil?! That whore allowed another of her kind to walk free!"

Neil turns away from me. "And there you were, snuggling in a corner with the harlot. She didn't even have the decency to allow Kar to gut Beelzebub. Why did she interfere, I wonder?"

"It's not like that, Neil." I put force into my voice this time. His anger is pissing me off. "Stop misunderstanding. You haven't even talked to her yet. Think of all the men she healed and saved."

"Think of all those she didn't!" Neil spins to face me, clenching his hand into a fist. "She hung back and laughed while Beelzebub tore us to ribbons! I bet she let him in! She laughed and allowed him to escape! That temptress is manipulating you!"

"Neil!" I shout back, resisting an urge to slap him. "That's enough! She wasn't even in the Core! She heard the commotion from our encampment and came as soon as possible! You're making up facts to paint her as the villain!"

The commander glowers at me. "Then why did she let him leave?"

"She hates violence. She didn't want to see anyone else die, not even Beelzebub."

Neil's tongue snakes out of his mouth. "Oh? You're ignorant, Phoebe. She's playing you like a fiddle." He cocks his head. "Tell me, how do demons grow in power? You're the demonologist around these parts. It should be a simple question to answer."

I already see where he's going with this. "U-usually, they have to consume souls."

"I see. And pray, tell me, have you noticed the size of the succubi's horns?"

"Yes."

"And did you notice how easily she defeated Beelzebub? I could see him begging for mercy with just his eyes. She's quite powerful, after all. Wouldn't you agree?"

I lower my eyes. "Y-yes. But..."

"_But_ nothing. _Samantha_, if that's her real name, is a goddamn Demon Duke. Maybe higher. We have a _fucking_ Duke of Hell in our midst. Do you think a Duke, one who has consumed an order of magnitude more souls than a Lord, is a pacifist?"

I don't reply.

"Give me a break," Neil hisses under his breath. He walks over and swings his desk back into a standing position, slamming it on the floor and making me flinch.

"What... what do you want to do, then, Neil? Kick her out?"

The commander sets his jaw. "No. There isn't anybody, not even Kar, with the power to stand up against a Duke. A single Lord ripped apart our Core forces. All we have left are the reserves. Only Jason, if anyone, could put up a fight against her."

Neil paces back and forth like a mad dog. "That bitch. That _fucking_ bitch. Letting him go. Unforgivable. Now I have to grovel and grin while pretending to thank her. The men think she's a savior. They're all enamored. How _convenient_ that we let a succubus enter our ranks. I wonder how many loyal warriors she's corrupted with her demonic influence? We could have dozens of traitors in our midst, ready to ram a knife in my back."

"If she _is_ our enemy, Neil, then we've already lost. We couldn't beat a single Lord turned Baron. If she wants to destroy us, we're already dead."

"Tch." Neil waves his hand flippantly. "As if. The Duke doesn't want to kill us. Her goal is to frighten us into submission. She'll turn the soldiers to her will and tear us apart from the inside-out. She wishes to restore the status quo; to reduce us to peasants under her boot. I see now that I shouldn't have freely allowed demons to enter our ranks. Monsters are bad enough, but demons are a thousand times worse."

I shake my head slowly, but can't offer a counter-argument. _Truthfully, from what I know about Samantha, that isn't who she strikes me as... but Neil could be right. What if he is? Gods... she might be the villain here, but my naivete is blinding me. How do I explain my thoughts?_

Twining my fingers together, I look up and meet Neil's gaze. "I'll... I'll keep an eye on her. You make good points, Neil. Succubi cannot use their powers to influence someone of the same gender, so you can trust me if nobody else."

Neil stops pacing and turns to meet my eyes. He says nothing for a few moments, but then his shoulders sag. "Of... of course. God, I'm sorry, Phoebe. I know you're trustworthy. Everyone does. You would never do anything to betray humanity."

The commander takes a step forward and rests his hand on my shoulder. "Be careful. I could be wrong, but I doubt it. If that woman is here to infiltrate and tear us apart, she might even get to me and make me a mindless slave. You wouldn't want that, would you?"

Slowly, I shake my head and rest my hand on his. "No. I wouldn't. I'll... I'll do my best, Neil. I won't let you down."

Neil smiles, and the tension drains from his face. "I know I can count on you."

As I leave the room, my mind twines back to King Arthur. _I can't let people down ever again. Everyone's counting on me._

I continue heading to my truck, ready to go home, and I spot Samantha already sitting in the passenger seat. She waves at me. "Hey, Phoebe! Mind if I get a lift back to the city?"

I nod. "Sure."

_Neil. I hope you're wrong. I pray you're wrong._