Part 88: Cast Aside

**[Recommended Listening - Rosalia's Theme](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8WuKJa6L5E)**

Demons and monsters walk past me, clumped together in twos and threes. Some of them gaze at me with looks of disgust, but most ignore me. I sit in silence and kick my feet back and forth, humming a song to pass the time. "Hmm-hm-hmm, hm-hm hm-hm..."

Five minutes pass. Then ten. Soon, an hour crawls by, and a yawn escapes my lips. Boredom threatens to swallow me whole and put me to sleep, but I hold on. I always do if it means I get to see Mister Beelzebub when he returns. The Annex isn't the liveliest place to sit around and wait, but at least I get to people-watch. It's fun!

Ugh. Jeez. I can't believe Mister Beelzebub made me stay behind while he went off with that floozy, Ose.  I saw the way she looked at him. Luckily, he's a smart demon who won't fall for her tricks. Beelzebub loves me more than he'll admit. That's one of the things that makes him better than my previous lovers.

Footsteps draw near. I glance to my right and spot a massive pair of tree-trunk sized legs. My eyes follow them up their owner's body until I eventually meet Mister Bael's gaze.

"Heya, cutie. Whatcha doin' sittin' here all by your lonesome?" The Duke of Pain smiles widely and plops down on the demonstone bench beside me. His bulk rattles my teeth, making me smile. 

"I'm waiting for Mister Beelzebub to return!"

"Yeah? How long've you been here?"

"Oh... I don't know... maybe an hour?"

Bael turns away to stare at a pair of succubi walking past. His tongue lolls out, and he wets his lips. A moment later, he turns back to me. "That's some real dedication you've got. Beelzebub's a lucky guy. I don't know what you see in him, though."

I cross my arms. "Hmm, I doubt you came here to talk about Beelzebub. You two don't get along."

"Huh? Sure we do! He's a good kid. Proved himself a few months ago. Really surprised me." Bael trails off and puffs out his lips. "Pfaah... I'm bored. Bored, bored, bored. Ain't no fun sittin' around, doin' nothing. Why don't you and I go back to my place, eh?"

I blush and look away. "Sorry, Mister Bael. I'm only interested in Mister Beelzebub."

The big lovable brute grumbles under his breath. "Hmph, whatever. You'll come around eventually. No woman can stay with a guy like him for long. He probably isn't even interested in bitches. I bet he likes sausage."

"No, Mister Beelzebub prefers deviled eggs if he eats anything at all. He usually skips meals."

Bael chuckles. "Hehe. Your mind is innocent, as always. No dirty thoughts boppin' around in there."

"I beg your pardon?"

"Nothin'."

Several seconds pass. I continue to kick my feet back and forth aimlessly. I finally break the silence. "Mister Bael... am I ugly?"

"Don't be stupid. Of course not."

"You always hit on me, but everyone else looks away. I don't know if it's all in my head or not."

Mister Bael sighs. "Haah. Look, cutie, I ain't the best lookin' dude around, right? I'm fat. Always sweating. But women can't resist me. Know why?"

"Why?"

He taps the size of his head. "It's cuz I'm smart."

I try not to stare at him suspiciously. _There must be another reason._

When I don't immediately reply, Mister Bael continues. "I figgered it out a long time ago. Bitches love a guy with balls. I'm strong, high-ranking compared to other demons, and command respect. Women can't resist me, despite my looks not being up to snuff."

I nod slowly. "So... are you saying I need to get stronger?"

"Nope. What works for a guy ain't gonna work for a broad. Look at Ose. Sexy and strong, but men avoid her like the plague. Then again, Belial is the same, but she's got guys lining up to beat down the door."

"Isn't Belial a succubus?"

"Mhm. She gamed the system."

"What system?"

Mister Bael scratches his chin. "Uhh... you know... the _system_..."

"I don't follow."

He hems and haws. "The... uhhhhh...... _system_..."

"Didn't you say you were smart?"

Bael glares at me. "Hey! Shuddup! I have a condition!"

"I'm kidding, haha!"

He nudges me playfully and starts smiling again. "Whatever. Look, the point is, you shouldn't copy others. You gotta figger it out on your own. Somewhere out there, there's a Duke who'd be perfect for you. Someone who'd treat you right, and-"

"Are you talking about yourself?"

The Duke crosses his arms. "M-maybe."

"Mister Bael..."

I look away from him and blush. Mister Bael is very kind, despite his brutish looks. He's an animal when it comes to fighting, but he has a soft side as well.

Bael grunts under his breath. "Oy. Look who's back. Just when we were gettin' to the good stuff."

His sudden shift in voice tone catches me by surprise. I follow his gaze toward one of the portals, where Mister Beelzebub steps out and adjusts his tie.

"Ah! Mister Beelzebub is back! Yay!" Excitement rushes through my body. I'm so glad to see him again!

Mister Bael rolls his eyes. "Yup. There he is."

I quickly jump up and rub my hands together. "Mister Beelzebub! Yoo-hoo! Over here!"

A look of irritation passes over Mister Beelzebub's face, most likely because he hasn't had me around to care for him for over an hour. No doubt, he daydreamed about me the whole time he was gone!

Beelzebub slowly drags himself over to us. Normally he'd eagerly jump into my waiting arms, but since Bael is here, he's acting coy. That's so like him to think about how he'll make me look.

"Ugh. Rosalia. Bael. The last two people I wanted to see."

I cock my head to the right. "Huh? Mister Bael is only one person though."

"He's big enough to be two."

Ah, so Mister Beelzebub was delivering a fat joke. That's so like him to try and make me laugh!

Bael stands up beside me. "I can't believe you made your servant sit here and wait for an hour."

Beelzebub raises an eyebrow. "I told Rosalia to leave. Don't pin her idiocy on me."

It's adorable how bad his memory is! I clearly remember him telling me to wait for his return with bated breath!

"Now that you're back, Mister Beelzebub, you must be starved! Let's go back to the manor so I can cook you some deviled eggs!"

Mister Beelzebub crinkles his nose. "How many times must I tell you? I detest eggs."

"Oh, don't be silly! You clean your plate every time I make them!"

"Yes. I scorch them to ash and blow the remains out the window."

"You do?"

"Of course! Devils, I've said it ten times now!"

I break out into a giggle. "Haha, that's a wonderful way to sanitize dishes! You're so smart!"

Beelzebub grits his teeth. "Hnn!! Damn you, woman! How do you manage to twist every word-"

Beelzebub stops mid-sentence. He pulls back and exhales fire, coughing once or twice in the process. "Kah! Kah! Never mind that. I learned something exciting during my chat with the Third Emperor."

My eyes widen. "You did? Is it about our wedding-"

"No! Seven hells, no!" Beelzebub slams his eyes shut. "It's about your status as my servant."

A feeling of trepidation enters the back of my mind.

"Are... are you proposing to me?"

"I just said I wasn't. Close your mouth and open your ears, damn it. Ose told me that there is no such thing as a permanent servant." Mister Beelzebub opens his eyes and glares at Bael. "You lied to me. You said Rosalia was bound to me for life!"

Bael whistles innocently. "Oh, did I? Must've slipped my mind."

"I knew it. You always screw with me. Rosalia has been my biggest source of aggravation, and it's all your fault."

I cock my head to the left. "Why are you aggravated? Is it because we aren't intimate enough? My bed is always warm for you, Mister Beelzebub."

Beelzebub's face reddens, likely at the thought of all the shameful things he and I would do if only he could bring himself to think of me in such an indecent manner. His mind is as pure as an angel's.

"Rosalia. This has been a long, _long_ time coming." Mister Beelzebub's expression turns serious.

My heart skips a beat.

"H-here? In front of all these onlookers?! I... I don't know if I'm ready for our relationship to-"

"Rosalia. You're fired."

Mister Beelzebub cuts me off before I can finish.

Several seconds pass. Bael's jaw drops. "Beelzebub! You smarmy little cunt! You can't do that!"

Several hundred thoughts run through my head.

_Fired._

_Fired._

What does that word mean? He's the Duke of Inferno. He loves fire. Does that mean... toward me... he feels the most heated passion a man can endure? Does his love for me blaze hotter than the stars above?

A tear drips down my face.

"Mister Beelzebub..."

He smiles sweetly, as he stares at me with tender eyes. "Finally. Now you understand."

"I didn't know you loved me that much."

His smile slips. "...What? I don't love you, imbecile. I'm firing you."

Uwaaah!! He said it again! Mister Beelzebub keeps doubling down on his passion!! My entire body warms a thousand degrees as I feel his passionate gaze stripping my clothes away bit by bit. He wants my everything- my all!

Beelzebub chokes. "Kah. Oh, devils. You're misunderstanding me. You're too dense. I can't believe this. What do you THINK I said?!"

I raise a finger to his lips, and he jerks away. "You don't need to say anymore, Mister Beelzebub. Your love burns hotter than the center of the galaxy. Everyone knows it's true, but it took you all this time to finally admit it.

Bael tilts his head in my direction. "Uh... what? I'm confused."

"You are?! I have to live with her! It's torture! Hell!" Beelzebub grits his teeth and grabs my shoulders, staring directly into my soul. The sensation of our minds intertwines, and the heat from his gaze threatens to send me into a lovestruck coma, whereupon he will awaken me with a kiss! Uwaahhh!

Beelzebub screams at the top of his lungs, "Listen here, you sodding fat cow! We're done! I'm letting you go! I never want to speak to you again! You are no longer my servant! I'll never marry you! I hate you! I hate everything about you!! You disgust-"

_WHAM._

Mister Bael's hand moves so quickly that I barely catch a glimpse of it. Mister Beelzebub flies away from me and spins head over heels, smashes through the fortified demonstone wall, and blasts out into the world beyond.

Mister Bael balls his hand up into a fist. "That... that does it! You worthless excuse for a Duke! I'll tear you to pieces!"

Beelzebub's words ring in my ear. I grab Mister Bael's arm. "Wait! What did he mean? Why did you hit Mister Beelzebub?"

Bael whips his head toward me. "Huh? You heard what he said! Beelzebub spelled it out, plain as day! He's sendin' you away so he can have a different servant! Doesn't that piss you off?!"

A hollow pit forms in my stomach. "No... no, Mister Bael, you're wrong. Mister Beelzebub would... he would never do that to me! He loves me too much! You heard his confession!"

Bael stares at me for a moment, then looks away. "Dammit, cutie. You can't keep lyin' to yourself. Beelzebub is a worthless piece of trash, at least when it comes to his taste in women. He doesn't love you. He wants you gone."

_I'm confused. I don't understand. Beelzebub loves me! He always said so, all the time! He couldn't bring himself to defile my purity, that's why we never consumated our love. Why would that change now, out of nowhere?! It doesn't make any sense!!_

My breath slows to a stop.

_No. That's wrong. Today, Mister Beelzebub went off with that snow-haired devil, Ose. She did something to him! She must have corrupted his mind. Yes, that's it! And the reason he's acting so cold out of nowhere... it's all her fault!_

Beelzebub stumbles through the hole in the side of the building. His left arm hangs limply, while several broken bones stab through the front of his jacket, allowing blood to pour through.

"Oh my gosh! Mister Beelzebub! Are you alright?"

I run over to him and reach for his good arm to help him along, but Beelzebub growls like a feral animal and swats at me. "Get back! You accursed wretch! I've had it with you! You and Bael both... ugly, disgusting animals!"

Several demons and monsters nearby stand and watch. Most of them take a few steps back, frightened by his outrage.

I know how to calm Beelzebub down when he's angry. "Please, you don't need to yell, Mister Beelzebub. I can sing you a song to help you feel better. You'd like that, wouldn't- ahh!" Beelzebub swings his free hand toward me and sends a ball of fire flying at my face!

Something appears out of nowhere and blocks it. Bael's hand! "Now you attack her? Stuck-up little Duke. I thought you'd matured. You're still an imp at heart."

Mister Beelzebub attacked me? No... he wouldn't do something like that. He'd never hurt me. W-would he?

Bael pushes me back. "Cutie, you should leave. I'm gonna beat some sense into this shitstain."

"No... don't hurt Mister Beelzebub. He's just confused. It's Ose's fault! She messed with his head! She-"

"I'm afraid not," Bael says, interrupting me. "Beelzebub's always been like this. Leave. You shouldn't be with a guy like him."

Beelzebub leans past Bael's body. "Yeah! Leave! You heard him!!"

Tears stream down my face. This time, a familiar sensation accompanies them.

Pain. Anguish.

Mister Beelzebub doesn't love me. It's true. Oh, my devils... it's true. I don't understand. What did I do wrong? What did... I... do wrong...?

Slowly, I take a few steps back. A portal opens nearby, and a demon steps into the Annex from the Labyrinth. I quickly dash toward it before it closes. One of the guards spots me. "Hey! No cutting in line, you ugly-"

His words cut off as I leap through, and the portal seals behind me.

The tears continue to rage, but I fight off the urge to bawl like a baby. I can't weep. Mister Beelzebub always says it's ugly when a woman does that. I'm not ugly... I'm... I'm beautiful!

"Hey! Who're you?" A squeaky voice at my feet makes me jump in fright. I glance down to see two imps standing together in the darkened hallway. "We were supposed to send a chump through, not get an orc back!"

I don't know where I am. Quickly, I sniffle and wipe away my tears, then look around. The Labyrinth stretches off into the distance. Torches line the walls, some burnt-out while others sputter enough to give off faint light, but fear enters the back of my mind. This place creeps me out.

"W-where am I?"

The first imp rolls his eyes. "Faith's End. Duh. The sensation of foreboding and terror didn't clue you in?"

The second imp slaps the first. "Ylvusk, knock it off. No reason t' piss off one of the Agents."

I stare at the second imp. "I... I'm sorry, Agents?"

Ylvusk holds up a hand. "No, no, don't ask. If you let Tvoorik run his mouth, he'll never shut up. He always blabs about his dumb conspiracies."

I nod slowly and wipe away the last few tears, only for memories of Beelzebub to make them come rushing back. I flop to the ground and stare ahead dejectedly, crying even more. "Uwahh... it hurts..."

Tvoorik grumbles. "Cripes. Those damn Agents are improving. Now they're using emotional manipulation to lower our defenses." The sound of flesh hitting flesh echoes off the wall. I don't see what happens, because I'm rubbing my eyes, but Tvoorik yelps. "Ow! What'd ya do that for, jackass?"

"_You're_ the jackass! Stop being rude to the orc-lady." Ylvusk growls at his friend. "She's in distress, moron."

Tvoorik goes silent for a few moments, I glance toward them, and he stares at me quizzically. "Hmm. I think she's a demon, not an orc."

"Huh? No way! Look at her face."

"Her skin is red. Have you ever seen a red orc?" Tvoorik goes quiet. "Come to think of it, that might be part of the Emperor's dastardly game. Genetic engineering."

"Jenuh-what? Stop making up words, dumbass."

"I'm not! It's a real thing!"

"Yeah, sure it is." 

The two imps bicker with each other, and I watch silently. They talk about me almost as though I'm not sitting beside them. I've never seen anything like it in my life.

I interrupt them after a minute. "S-sorry, I didn't mean to intrude. I just got dumped by the guy I liked... and now I don't know what to do."

Tvoorik glares at me. "I see why. You've got a face only a broodmother would love. Yeesh."

Ylvusk slaps him. "Stop being an asshole!"

Tvoorik rubs his arm. "What? It's the truth! I'm surprised she could get a guy in the first place. It's like I said, man, the overcrowding is all part of the NLO's plot to destabilize us! The women get uglier; there are fewer succubus babes... soon everyone will look like-"

I shake my head. "You're not very nice."

"Of course not. I'm a straight-shooter. I tell the truth even if it imperils my life." Tvoorik glances around shiftily. "Besides, you never know who's listening in. Bloody Oracles, always looking for dissidents. At least if I go missing, it'll prove I was right all along."

"One less annoying mouse in the Labyrinth." Ylvusk leans against the wall and looks at me. "So your guy dumped you, huh? That sucks. Still, coming to the Labyrinth's prison was a mistake. Ain't no place for a lady."

"I didn't mean to come here. I was distraught and ran into the first portal I saw. I'll leave."

Slowly, I stand up and dust myself off. My black dress with its white frills along the edges seems drab and bland compared to how it looked yesterday. Did it change, or did I?

The only thing that changed was Mister Beelzebub. He used to love me until... until t-that floozy lied to him! She messed with his head! I hate Ose!! What does she have that I don't? Nothing! She's a stuck-up snotty bitch! She doesn't care about Mister Beelzebub at all!!

Ylvusk pokes my leg. "You're leaving?"

"Yeah! I don't know where to go, though. Mister Beelzebub won't let me come back to the mansion. It's all Ose's fault!"

"Ose?" Tvoorik pipes up. "The new Emperor?"

"Mhm. She took Mister Beelzebub away and whispered lies in his ear, and now he doesn't love me anymore."

A sudden chill washes down the corridor. Cold air blows across my skin, making me bristle. 

Tvoorik and Ylvusk go silent. They turn around and look down the hall.

Ylvusk bites his lip. "Shit. It's the boss. And here we are, standing around twiddling our thumbs!"

Tvoorik looks uneasy. "We should go. Sorry, lady. Hope your boyfriend problems work out, but we gotta bail."

"Uh... uh huh?"

I stare at the demons quizzically. They dash away in the opposite direction of the icy draft. A moment later, the sound of heavy footsteps approaches.

_Thud._ One, two, three, _thud._ One, two, three, _thud._

A faint red glow at the end of the hallway sends a shiver down my spine. I want to run, but I can't. My body freezes in place. A massive monster emerges from the darkness, its body an amalgamation of horrors. Glowing eyes spread across its arms, legs, and chest. Four arms with razor-sharp talons at the end scrape the walls. Two heads stare at me, one with a birdlike beak, and the other with three eyes. The one on the right lolls about aimlessly, while the one on the left gazes at me with a piercing stare capable of penetrating concrete.

The monster speaks. Its hard, rough voice scrapes my ears like sandpaper. "Did you speak Ose's name? Here... in _my_ prison?"

My eyes widen. _Oh, sweet and salty devils... he's the prison-warden; the demon whispered about only in rumors..._

"G-Gress...il?"

The horrific abomination slowly stomps toward me. It doesn't take long before he's a mere twenty feet away. A single horn on each head reaches up and scrapes the walls and ceiling, creating a grinding noise that makes me grit my teeth. He positively dwarfs me with his size.

Gressil stops five feet from me. I have to strain my neck to look up at him, but my gaze tears back and forth from his empty gaze to the dozens of eyes twitching around on his body.

"Answer me, little demon. Did you speak my sister's name?"

I squeak out a reply. "Y-yes?"

The Demon Emperor is his sister? I had no idea. Oh, god... he's going to kill me for speaking out against her. I know it. I can't escape. Just one look at him and I know he could kill me effortlessly. Even Mister Beelzebub wouldn't stand a chance!

"What did you say about her? Tell me."

My voice shakes. "I-I said she w-was a very sweet, k-kind, c-caring person... Mister Gressil, sir... Eee!" I cower back as the demon leans toward me.

"You praised my sister?"

"Y-yes! I did! I'm a good girl!"

Gressil narrows his eyes. "I despise liars."

"Okay! I'm s-sorry! Don't hurt me! I shouldn't have lied! Hnn..." I close my eyes and turn away, hoping he'll at least finish me off quickly.

"Ose... my _beloved_ little sister. My worst enemy. It appears you hold a grudge against her. Tell me why."

My body trembles. _His worst enemy? What is he talking about? I don't understand!_

After a few moments, I swallow bile. My heart threatens to shut down. "S-she told lies to Beelzebub. H-he's the demon I love, and she stole him from me. You're not going to k-kill me, are you?!"

"Far from it. Fascinating." The prison warden rumbles in his throat. "Hmm... I spoke to her not half an hour ago. Ose didn't mention Beelzebub at all. More secrets, as always."

"MORE SECRETS. HAHAHA!" The second head suddenly screams out loud, making me jump out of my skin. "No secrets! Hate them! Hate order!"

I raise my eyes to the three-eyed head. Thin strands of hair roll off it, spilling across Gressil's body. They're caked in dirt, and even with five feet separating us, Gressil's stench washes over me. I fight the urge to gag with all my strength.

"Guh... what do you want from me, Mister Gressil, sir? I didn't mean to come here! I didn't-"

"Quiet." Gressil glares at me, and my mouth slams shut. "I'm thinking."

We stand in silence, the sounds of his labored breathing filling the time.

After a minute, Gressil raises his upper right arm. I flinch, expecting him to attack me, but he merely scratches his head. "You work for Beelzebub?"

"No... he 'fired' me a little while ago. Th-that's why I'm here, now."

"If I let you go... where will you return?"

A spark of hope ignites in my heart. _He wants to let me go?! Oh gosh, that's great news! I can't believe it! Am I saved?!_

"I-I don't know. Mister Beelzebub threw me out. I think m-maybe the Catacombs?"

An unpleasant gurgle erupts from Gressil's throat. "Hu-hu-hu... I don't think so. You work for _me_ now. Understand?"

A shadow falls across my body. The massive demon takes a menacing step toward me. "Your life was forfeit when you entered my domain. All who arrive uninvited leave only with my permission."

I nod rapidly. "Y-yes sir! Yes sir! I understand!"

Gressil turns his first head toward the second, three-eyed one. "Wake up. It's present time."

"PRESENT TIME! HAHAHAHA!! I LOVE PRESENT TIME!!" The second head screams maniacally, and before I can react, it lunges a hand at my face. A single eyeball embedded in the palm is all I see in the split second before it grabs and slams me against the wall. 

Dizziness overtakes me. My body increases in weight, as a thousand anvils begin to compress my chest.

I can't speak. I can't scream. I can't even breathe!

A bloodshot eye appears in the darkness. The freakish specter shakes and trembles as it approaches me.

"Is it friend? Is it foe? Is it mine from head to toe?"

I try to shake my head, but nothing happens. I can't move. All I can do is watch as the eye slowly closes in on my immobile body.

"Do what Gressil says, you will. Make no sound, not even a squeak, then be still."

Something drills into my ear. The piercing agony makes me want to cry, as a creature burrows deeply. I feel it wriggle around and slide through my brain, down my throat, and stop somewhere near my stomach. Terror fills my mind, but I can't fight back.

"A gift we give, be glad you live. For us, you toil, conflict, you embroil."

The eye pulls away. A moment later, the sensation of weight flees my body. Gressil's hand leaves my face, and I flop forward, slamming onto my knees in the process.

It takes a moment for me to move. Everything hurts in a way I've never felt before. It feels as though fire-ants are crawling in my blood.

"You have a little potential, demoness, and now you work for me. Go to the Core."

I cough, causing green fluid to leak from my mouth. "Unnf... wh-what? The... the Core? Where humans live?"

"That's right. They accept weak, pathetic demons like yourself.  Go there. Await my orders. In time, you will carry out my will."

Something wriggles around inside me, rubbing my chest bone and sending an electric shock up my spine. I squeeze out a few tears and pull myself up. "Nnn... yes... I'll do it. Just don't hurt me anymore, please..."

Suddenly, Gressil grabs me by my hair and lifts me. His eyes glow brighter than before, and he snarls at me. "I do what I please with my slaves, little wench. Get out of my sight."

A moment later, Gressil flings me through the air. I plummet to the floor and land on my arm. A bone-snapping _crack_ erupts in the darkness. "Aaaiiee!!"

Gressil turns and walks away. A soft gurgle escapes his lips, as he laughs to himself.

"Hu-hu-hu..."

The darkness swallows him whole.

A minute later, I end up shaking and shivering, all by my lonesome.

I pull my beaten body up, sniffling as fresh tears drip down my face.

_Ose... it's all her fault. I had everything until she took it from me. Now I'm the slave of an evil monster, and I'm too weak to do anything about it._

A voice whispers in my mind.

**That isn't true... you can change. You have the power, now. You don't need anyone else.**

I grab my broken arm and wince as I hold it steady. _Who's that? Who's speaking?_

The voice chuckles.

**I'm you... but stronger.**