Part 521: Reconstruction

It doesn't take much time for Diablo and the other demons to reach a consensus. A handful of Emperors, consisting of Bael, Fae, Melody, Serena, Yardrat, Kristoff, and Yumagi, all decide to go along with Diablo's command. Naturally, as a pseudo-Demon Deity, he possesses a power none of them dare defy, but at the same time, he has always commanded a high level of respect among his fellow Emperors.

Even without the Archdemon's power, Diablo is still one of the mightiest Emperors in all the Seven Hells.

The seven Emperors, as well as Diablo in his astral form, all wait for Yardrat to complete a complicated series of hand gestures as he conjures a portal to a secret domain; a dimension created by the First Emperor to contain high-value prisoners.

The portal finally opens, revealing a grey-bricked prison with only ten cells, all of them forged out of demonstone and reinforced by the Archdemon's power. No Emperor could break out, barring an powerhouse like Crow unleashing her full strength. Even then, such a gambit likely wouldn't work. Blue energy crystals embedded in the ceiling radiate cosmic energy, suppressing the powers of mere mortal Emperors to make them feel even more small and insignificant. A statue crafted in Satan's image stands at the end of the cell block, its glowing red eyes seemingly keeping watch over the prisoners to ensure none can escape.

As the Emperors walk toward a cell in the middle, their ears begin to tingle from the sensation of the mana suppression field buzzing inside. They find Emperor Glinch sitting on a stool in the center of the otherwise totally-bare cell, his expression as bored as ever.

The multi-armed, multi-legged monstrosity of a demon turns his myriad of misshapen eyes toward the newcomers.

"Took you long enough."

Diablo doesn't acknowledge the statement. He merely stands with his hands folded behind his back, gazing warily at the Stitched Emperor.

"Let's cut to the chase, Glinch. You know why I'm here."

Glinch doesn't answer. He merely directs a bored gaze toward the other Emperors, smirks contemptuously, and turns his eyes away.

"You seek to perfect your craft." Diablo continues. "This is an endeavor I agree with. Your research has already bolstered demonkind's power tremendously. Thanks to your Exobeast Pills, we now have more than sixty powerhouses."

"Pah. _Powerhouses_." Glinch sneers contemptuously. "Emperors empowered through exobeast slop. They will never proceed further. They will never become Deities. They are useless."

"Every empire needs leaders." Diablo says evenly. "But it also needs commanders. Generals. Subordinates. The demons you've empowered will serve my purposes well."

"You want to take over the galaxy." Glinch says dryly. "How original. Let me guess. You want me to help you empower even more demons. You're going to dangle a juicy offer in front of me to make me work for you."

"Yes, and yes." Diablo says. "I'm not going to threaten or cajole you, Glinch. I understand why you did what you did. You didn't create Mephisto to try and take over demonkind. You couldn't care less about your species' ultimate fate. You just want... _research material_."

Diablo leans forward. He smiles, ever so slightly.

"I can provide you the material you require."

The other Emperors listen silently. Bael appears bored. Fae seems amused. The others don't show any signs of the conversation going in a direction they didn't anticipate.

"And there it is." Glinch grumbles. "I only have one weakness. I hate BOREDOM. And this cell is so devil-damned boring I'm thinking of ending my existence already!"

"You're a genius among devils." Diablo praises. "You and Ose both advanced our conceptualization of demonkind's capabilities by multiple epochs. It would be a shame to leave you rotting in a cell..."

He pauses.

"I want something from you, something more important than the mere empowerment of Emperors."

Diablo's smile disappears.

"I want your help in repelling the Plague. I want the power of your Blighted Lands."

The other Emperors frown. Yardrat scrunches up his face as he tries to think of what Diablo means.

"You know about that too, huh?" Glinch asks blandly. He chuckles at the uncertainty on the other Emperor's faces. "You dimwits are such useless, sad sacks of vomit. You haven't noticed, have you? You haven't realized why the Plague never attacked the lush world of Numaria..."

"What do you mean?" Yardrat asks, his tone incredulous. "You're saying you protected Numaria?"

"Of course not. I couldn't give a damn about the planet." Glinch chuckles. "But I protected myself. It had a spillover effect on the rest of Numaria. Lucky for you lot, I suppose."

"The Stitched Wasteland." Diablo says, turning his attention to the other Emperors. "It's not merely a land devoid of life because of some omnipresent 'aura of death'. It was ruined deliberately by Glinch to keep the Plague away."

"Wut?" Bael asks dumbly. "Spell it out for me, big boss."

"The Plague thrives on worlds rich in life." Diablo explains. "It can survive on hostile worlds, or worlds flowing with molten rivers of lava, corrosive miasma, and so on. But those worlds provide the Plague no strategic benefits. Paradise-class planets like Numaria, however, do."

"So," Diablo continues, "Glinch deliberately sapped every iota of life out of a small part of Numaria's surface. He created the Stitched Wasteland. The Plague now avoids our world as a result. At least for _now_."

"It would have come eventually." Glinch acknowledges. "But only for you fools! Not for me! Hahahaha! The Kolvaxians would avoid my deadlands while running roughshod over all your pretty forests."

Yardrat strokes his chin thoughtfully. "That means... we could halt the Plague's advance on other worlds if we made deadlands on each one. Why haven't the Volgrim figured this out?"

"It's not easy to suck the life out of one part of the planet without causing damage to the rest." Diablo says. "Perhaps the Volgrim know this is possible, or perhaps they don't. But the problem remains that even if they can slow the Plague for a while, they can't stop it, and they certainly don't possess the means to reverse its momentum."

The Archdemon thumbs his chest proudly. "They don't, but _I_ do. That is what will make my plan succeed."

He turns his body to face Glinch once again. "With your ability to create Blighted Lands, and my power to uproot the Plague on worlds they've previously taken, we can begin pushing back against our enemies."

"I didn't say I'd work with you." Glinch grumbles.

"You'd prefer living in a cell until you kill yourself?" Diablo asks.

That shuts Glinch up.

The hideous madman freak glowers for several silent seconds, until he throws five of his hands in the air.

"Fine! I'll do it! But I expect the best laboratory of all time! Don't you try to screw me over, Diablo, or you won't get anything from me!"

The Archdemon grins. "I wouldn't dream of it. You want test subjects? You shall have them. You want a laboratory that puts Marie Becker's to shame? It's yours. As long as demonkind thrives, you can have whatever you want."

Serena frowns. She doesn't like the idea of working with a freak like Glinch, a torturer and tormentor not far removed from the likes of Gressil. Perhaps worse, as he isn't stimulated by the enjoyment of other's suffering, nor does he become bored if they stop resisting.

No, Glinch can be far, far worse than Gressil. He will pursue any development, no matter the collateral cost, so long as it has a hint of bearing fruit...

Diablo opens the cell and steps aside, allowing Glinch to stand up and waddle his multi-legged form out the door. The hideous creature bares a toothy grin at the other Emperors, chuckling as if he always foresaw his quick release.

"Hehehe. No hard feelings, eh?"

Fae snarls at him. "You almost killed us."

"Everyone has an oopsie-day." Glinch counters, his grin turning even more feral. "Next time I'll go a little easier on you."

"There won't _be_ a next time." Kristoff warns.

"Everyone, pipe down." Diablo says, intervening before the fight can escalate. "We're demons. Historically, a little genocide here and there has been par for the course. From now on, we'll brush the 'incident' under the rug. Let's get along and work together for the good of demonkind."

"Right. For the good of demonkind, hehehe..." Glinch chuckles sinisterly.

The other Emperors share looks of disgust between each other, but ultimately, they relent.

Diablo calls the shots now.

They have no choice but to follow his will...

---

_Tarus II, on the western side of the Fortress of Retribution._

Soldiers continue to cart away bodies of Mephisto's undead. They toss them into great heaps far outside the city and light the bodies on fire, causing a putrid stench to waft around the valley, sickening countless humans, demons, and monsters, and making them want to puke.

Fairy Princess Melia and her remaining retainer, Ruto, help the humans in their own way. Melia conjures a formation of Earth Energy to suppress the smells. Ruto washes away the blood in the streets with her water magic, emotionlessly doing her duty while thinking of her friend who fell not long ago, Saria.

As they work, in the distance, the warpgate to the Labyrinth flickers. A group of demons steps out, followed by some human soldiers, some monsters, and a group of men and women wearing white and silver robes.

This group doesn't draw much attention. They walk right through the full-body scanners that bombard their bodies with scanning beams, but those beams only turn up that they are clearly ordinary humans, and nothing more.

One of the soldiers at the gate waves these robed figures through. "You're clear to continue."

"Thank you." The lead figure, a green-haired woman, says.

She leads the others past the scanner, and as they depart the Warpgate platform, she directs a look of disapproval toward it.

"This technology is too shoddy."

"The people here don't have the knowledge of what to look for." A black-haired man beside her says. "We'll have to talk to Phoebe about updating the schematics."

The green-haired woman turns out to be Rebecca, put in charge of all 300 of her fellow Cybernites by Marie Becker herself.

She stands for a moment to evaluate the situation on Tarus II.

"Mephisto's attack didn't cause much damage. There's a lot of bodies being moved around, but they're all Mephisto's thralls. Based on my preliminary assessments, the humans have become quite decent at defending themselves."

The man beside her, a Cybernite by the name of Zed, snorts through his nose. "I wouldn't be surprised if a thousand Changelings have already slipped past the Wordsmith's defenses. If the Warpgate Scanners can't detect our true forms, there's no chance they can sniff out a Changeling."

"We have a lot of work to do..." Rebecca says, though her tone betrays a hint of excitement. "But it beats sitting around on our hands in the Remnant Oasis."

The throng of 300 Cybernites slowly makes their way down the path as they head east toward the main city. Along the way, they pass dozens of large apartment buildings and other living blocks, as well as markets for selling food, and a few restaurants here and there. Many of the buildings have been ruined by Mephisto's forces, but a few remain relatively intact and in good condition. The wholly undamaged ones, however, are few and far between.

Rebecca's eyes scan the vicinity. She easily peers through solid walls, her acute sensors able to pierce anything that attempts to impede her scouting sensors. Her ears, a thousand times more perceptive than those of ordinary humans, allow her to make out every minute noise in a large vicinity around herself. Even if her ocular modules shorted out, her auditory receptors would provide a full 360-degree sonar coverage of a five-mile vicinity.

"Over there." Zed says, pointing toward a pair of women standing together.

Rebecca follows the nod of his head. She leads the Cybernites over to none other than Fairy Princess Melia, and her retainer, Ruto.

"Melia." Rebecca says, her large group easily drawing the princess's attention before they draw within earshot. "My name is Rebecca. I'm here on orders from Marie Becker."

Melia nods. She maintains an aloof air as she observes the distinctive silvery robes of Rebecca's group.

"Cybernites. I don't recognize any of you, but I've seen your kind before." Melia says. "Why did Marie send you?"

Rebecca explains the situation to Melia, telling her about Jason's request, as well as her full purpose in coming here.

Melia faintly smiles, though the expression lacks warmth. "I see. I can lead you to Miss Hiro. Sorry, but as you can see, we've... been through a lot today."

"I'm fully aware of the battle which occurred earlier." Rebecca says. "And also, Miss Becker wishes to express her condolences regarding the tragedy on Pixiv."

"Thank you." Melia says, her expression darkening. "That's kind of her to say. But what happened on Pixiv was unforgivable. We lost five million fairies in a single instant. The city of Spackle wasn't any ordinary land. We expressly built it to suppress the living energy of our world. With it reduced to rubble, the Plague can now sense Pixiv's location. We fear the worst is yet to come."

Rebecca maintains a solemn expression. "How unfortunate that Mephisto destroyed the Shielding Crystal. We always assumed Pixiv would be one of the last worlds to fall. But now..."

"Will your people be able to construct another one?" Zed asks, while stroking his short-trimmed black beard. "If not, then perhaps one of the Wordsmiths might be able to assist you?"

"I'm not privy to the discussions the Fairy Queens have been holding." Melia says grumpily, crossing her arms. "It's not as easy as simply creating a new Shielding Crystal. It took them five thousand years to construct the last one. It was an artifact on par with Archangel Camael's best works."

"Mmm. Then that is truly unfortunate." Rebecca says slowly.

"To say the least." Melia concludes.

The two of them talk a bit longer. Eventually, Melia leads them toward the city, and the topic changes as they begin observing new things.

"I've heard the two Wordsmiths might be thinking of splitting humanity between two core worlds." Rebecca says. "This is a good development. Should Tarus II fall to the Plague, it would be best if humanity had a backup."

"Everything seems to be going well." Melia says. "But under the surface, tensions are brewing. Neil and Hope aren't acting as harmoniously as they were just a few weeks ago. Neither of them gets along well with Jason and Phoebe either. I'm worried about the direction humanity is taking."

Rebecca glances at Zed. The two of them communicate through a neural burst, then nod in unison.

"It would probably be best if the Cybernites did not directly pick a side." Rebecca says. "We're not here to help Jason specifically. We're here to empower humanity. The Milky Way needs an Apex Species right now, one with a different outlook from the Volgrim. It wouldn't do for us to focus our efforts on only one branch of humanity."

"I can see about assisting the Second Wordsmith and Neil Adams." Zed says. "You should take half of our group and work for the First Wordsmith and his wife."

"An acceptable compromise." Rebecca intones. "We'll do that, then."

Zed nods at her. He and 149 other Cybernites peel off and head north toward the military base outside the city's limits, while Rebecca continues following Melia deeper into the Fortress of Retribution's core.

Thirty minutes of slow walking pass by. Rebecca takes her time examining the city's structures, noting how quickly humanity has rebuilt after Beelzebub's detonation, as well as the damage caused by Mephisto's attack.

While Mephisto did not manage to kill even a single human, monster, or demon on Tarus II, his thralls certainly tore apart the buildings inside the city center. Dozens lay in piles of rubble, while others are missing walls, corners, roofs, and so on. The luxurious city center now looks only marginally better than it did after Beelzebub's detonation, and that certainly isn't saying much.

"Why do you suppose Mephisto wanted to attack Tarus II?" Rebecca asks Melia. "Merely to exact revenge?"

"From what we've uncovered, he wanted to devour Demon Emperors to empower his body and abilities." Melia explains. "But yes, killing humans and monsters would have probably made for a juicy side objective in his eyes."

"Mephisto is pure evil." Ruto murmurs. "He killed my best friend."

"I'm sorry to hear that." Rebecca says.

The Cybernites arrive at a recently constructed workshop on the eastern side of the city, where hundreds of drones buzz in the air, carrying materials and other goods to and from the giant building. They buzz about like angry hornets, flying through the sky in synchronized lines while fulfilling the orders encoded inside their mainframes.

Melia gestures to the large open entrance, then pauses outside.

"I don't feel like going in. Phoebe will meet you in there. If you'll excuse us, Ruto and I have duties to attend."

"Of course. Thank you for showing us around." Rebecca says.

The two fairies flap their wings and shoot off into the sky, vanishing and leaving the Cybernites behind.

After they depart, Rebecca heads inside. She finds many tables with computer monitors resting atop them, along with researchers working hurriedly to construct new building plans for the reconstruction of the Fortress of Retribution's cityscape.

One man hovers over another's shoulder, pointing to a mockup on the screen.

"...to reinforce the structural foundation. Look at this footage. You can see the Undead Emperor destroyed it with a single slap. We didn't anticipate such a powerful blunt strike at the base of the building, which is why the whole structure collapsed."

"What material should we use to reinforce it?" The man seated at the desk asks.

"We'll have to check the reserves. Might need to materialize some prototypes. Miss Hiro wants to ensure we don't have a repeat of today's events."

"We should construct the corners at more of an angle." The seated man suggests. "This will help reinforce the structure in the event of a direct collision..."

Rebecca walks over to the two men and introduces herself. "Excuse me. Can you take me to Miss Hiro? I'm Rebecca."

The seated man continues his work, but the other one stands up to appraise the beautiful newcomer.

"Rebecca, you say? Oh! Aren't you a Cybernite? Miss Hiro told the supervisors to keep an eye out for you. She said you were bringing three hundred robots to help us out!"

He pauses.

"Though, when she said 'robots,' I was sort of expecting... metal machines."

"I am a cyborg." Rebecca explains. "All of us are. Human flesh, digitized organs, mechanical internals. We've come to assist your people in the rebuilding of your world."

"Excellent timing." The man says, extending his hand. "I'm Edwin, a supervisor for The Factory. I'm not important or anything, but I can take you to Miss Hiro."

Rebecca daintily shakes the man's hand. "I see. Thank you for your assistance, mister Edwin."

"Just Edwin is fine! Hahaha!" He laughs, suddenly feeling a little embarrassed. No matter how he examines the pretty woman before him, he simply cannot believe she is a machine made almost entirely out of mechanical parts. In his eyes, Rebecca is a nerdy but beautiful woman with ravishingly good looks. She appears more hauntingly gorgeous than even the fairies themselves...

Edwin quickly leads the Cybernites into the complex, and as they walk and talk, Rebecca receives a better inside understanding of humanity's current situation.

"We really have our work cut out for us." Rebecca says, her words aimed not only at herself, but the Cybernites behind her as well.

"So much work..." Another Cybernite adds.