Part 363: Mephisto's Flight

_Some time earlier, back on Tarus II._

The Mightiest Necromancer, Mephisto, watches as Ose and Jason trade barbs, with the demoness ready to pulverize him into mulch, while Jason merely summons forth his Black Hole Construct, Arthur.

[Boss.] Zamiel transmits telepathically through his undead soul-link. [Are we gonna make a move? The Wordsmith's got us trapped here, but I bet if we work with Ose...]

Mephisto glances quietly at the crocodilian subordinate beside him.

[There isss no need to fret. Thessse foolsss alwaysss overlook my greatnesss. If Ossse diesss, that isss fine. If ssshe doesssn't, then that isss alssso fine. My outlook after assscending to Emperor hasss... _broadened_.]

The Emperor of Legions chuckles to himself.

[Sssince my assscensssion, I have begun to think more carefully about my future plansss. Ruling one Hell alongssside other Emperorsss isss... not my ssstyle. I wisssh to dominate all life. That can only happen if I ssslaughter thossse who oppossse me, kekeke...]

A glimmer appears in Mephisto's eye. He watches as, within a short period of time, King Arthur absolutely decimates Ose, leaving her on the brink of death. So brutal is the construct's onslaught that every eye in the area focuses on their 'battle,' giving Mephisto a brief window of opportunity.

The moment not a single gaze falls on him, Mephisto casually flicks a finger. Zamiel's body fades away, traveling into Mephisto's portable Nether Realm, a secluded area of space where he has always stored his most powerful undead creatures, including the former fallen dragon, Leviathan. With his empowerment and evolution to the rank of Emperor, Mephisto's Nether Realm has increased in size a hundredfold, allowing him to store countless more creatures and pull them out when necessary.

By the time Arthur beheads Ose, Zamiel has fully disappeared, leaving Mephisto to stand alone.

When Jason notices Mephisto's lack of a companion, the necromancer chuckles.

"Everyone... alwaysss... underessstimatesss... the necromancer."

_BOOM!_

Mephisto explodes into a cloud of ash, startling everyone present!

The Wordsmiths go on the hunt, trying to locate Mephisto, but they fail to understand the ways in which his abilities have changed.

Previously known as the Duke of Mist for his mist-body form, Mephisto has, in actuality, elevated his signature ability to the next level, allowing him to transform into practically invisible particles floating in the wind. His soul also disperses, making it impossible for others to detect him.

The Wordsmiths fail to 'Locate' Mephisto, but what they don't realize is... he hasn't escaped!

Mephisto lingers on the battlefield, but tricks them into thinking he slipped through their shield and fled. When Jason lowers the barrier encapsulating Ose and Mephisto, the Emperor of Legions quietly flickers away, traveling against the wind with ease.

As Mephisto heads for the Warpgate, he shoots a glance at Emperors Gorn and Lupus, but opts to leave them behind. In time, he can come back and retrieve them. The Wordsmith isn't likely to kill them, and even if he does, so what?

_Kekeke. Kill my minionsss if you wisssh, Wordsssmith._ Mephisto thinks. _You will find that my Corpssse Poissson isss quite effective when my Emperor pawnsss perisssh..._

Mephisto travels into the Labyrinth. He passes through the Warpgate, zips out of the empty Core, and disappears into the furthest reaches of Hell.

Even so, Mephisto doesn't dilly-dally. His expression turns grave as he begins to quickly plot and plan.

"Ksss... that Wordsssmith isss going to be a troublesssome opponent. Luckily, I can hide from him, for now. Firssst order of busssinesss... I must ensure my sssubordinatesss don't get thrown to the chopping block! The Wordsssmith isss sure to target me, now that he hasss ssslaughtered Ossse."

After arriving at a secret alcove hidden within the Labyrinth, Mephisto levitates inside and momentarily disperses his Perfected Mist Body transformation.

"Legane! Come out!" Mephisto hisses. "I am in a russsh!"

Moments later, a large, dark-skinned demon with tiny horns steps out. He wears the traditional robes of the Warpers and holds a large staff with a glowing red orb placed atop its crest.

"Ah, Emperor Mephisto. Can I help you?"

"Yesss." Mephisto says. "Open a gate to Hell Harbor. The battle with the Wordsssmith isss not going well. I mussst quickly retrieve my reinforcccementsss..."

Unaware of the specifics of what happened on Tarus II, Legane simply nods. As one of a small number of Keymaster Warpers, he possesses the rare ability to open gates through the barriers of temporal energy protecting Hell Harbor.

"Give me a moment, Emperor of Legions. I won't take long."

Mephisto falls silent, watching as Legane performs a series of motions with his hands, fingers, and body. The Keymaster executes an elaborate dance involving his entire self, where he steps from side to side, sways his arms, and conjures demonic energy in a highly specific pattern. Thanks to Raphael's intrusion in Hell Harbor's space, Ose had no choice but to strengthen the spatial blocking grid, which in turn added far more complications for the Keymasters and increased the time and effort needed to open a portal.

Ten minutes later, Legane gasps loudly and falls to his knees, summoning a portal to Hell Harbor as his last bit of mana depletes.

"Gasp... hoo... my apologies, Emperor of Legions. I... I was, whew... I was truly lacking for this- hm?"

Legane raises his head to look for Mephisto, but to his surprise, the necromancer is nowhere in sight.

"...Oh. He went through immediately without saying a word. Well, sheesh... the nerve of _some_ demons! Not even a thank you or anything."

Meanwhile, on Hell Harbor, Mephisto races toward the continent's interior, turning himself into mist to disperse his aura and make tracking his position difficult, if not outright impossible for the Wordsmith. The last thing he wants is for the Wordsmith to intercept him and kill off his precious flunkies.

Before long, Mephisto arrives at his home base, the Hall of the Damned. A massive 500-foot-tall obelisk sticks out of the ground, providing a clear location of interest for observers to find the lair of demonkind's necromancers. However, no longer does the obelisk reach its full height, as more than a third of its top was broken off and shattered during the Cherubiim's onslaught. Countless craters dot the land as well, demonstrating further evidence that the demons suffered immeasurably under the Archangels' attacks.

Mephisto dives into the dirt and heads deep underground, where he slows to a stop and waits.

After a short time, a pair of Demon Barons rush toward him, their boney feet _clinking_ against the ground.

"Master Mephisto!" Ozzar, the Baron of Leprosy, says. His mottled black and red robes, as always, cling to his bones like a swimmer to a log in the middle of a turbulent river. "You have returned so quickly. Was your attack on the Wordsmith successful?"

Azuth, the Baron of Marshlands, clinks his teeth together in anticipation. "Have the fleshlings already fallen to your supreme might, Emperor of Legions?"

Mephisto snorts.

"No. Thossse humansss collaborated with the other Emperorsss. They betrayed Ossse. They alssso intended to betray me, but I essscaped. We must gather all of the necromancccersss. Before long, the Hidden Emperorsss will come to ssslay you all."

"What! Those traitors!" Ozzar shouts. "How dare they plunge a knife into the back of our great leader! Do they not fear the wrath of a fully realized necromancer?"

"No. They do not..." Azuth says, a twinkle gleaming in his eye. "But perhaps this is for the best. Master had no good reason to act against the other Emperors. Now that the Wordsmith has seized control of all the human souls, master must change the way he gathers his forces."

"You ssspeak well." Mephisto says, giving Azuth a cold nod of approval. "I wasss already growing tired of thessse pathetic political ploysss. Why ssshould thisss gloriousss Emperor bargain for bitsss and ssscrapsss of power? The other Emperorsss have made a terrible missstake, turning againssst me. It isss no longer posssible for them to pin thisss necromancccer down! Kekeke..."

"With your new powers, we have nothing to fear!" Ozzar declares. "Will we be entering your fabled Land of Death, then?"

"Ksss. You will." Mephisto affirms. "My Nether Realm wasss sssupposssed to be filled with human bodiesss, but now we will have to ssscrounge and ssscavenge for the ssstrength we need. The coming era will not be easssy, but it will be full of richesss and glory."

Mephisto motions with his hands. He conjures a massive Death Gate, identical to the one he summoned during Stormbringer, but instead of allowing random undead creatures to depart from his Land of Death, it allows those wavering on the boundaries of life and death to step inside!

"Come. Gather the acolytesss. Move with hassste. We haven't much time. If the Wordsssmith comesss, I will leave you all to die."

His minions nod hurriedly.

"Yes, master." Ozzar says, before turning and running out of the room.

"As you command!" Azuth adds.

The two of them leave to travel deeper into the underground lair. Mephisto turns himself into mist once more, just in case the Wordsmiths might strike at him. While he waits for Azuth and Ozzar to bring back all the low and high ranking necromancers, Mephisto closes his eyes and reaches out his senses to two of his undead slaves.

[Ksss. Gorn. What isss the sssituation? What measssuresss hasss the Wordsssmith taken againssst me?]

Mephisto waits. Ten seconds. Twenty. Thirty. Even a full minute.

However, even after sending multiple requests, he fails to detect Gorn.

_Hmm. Did the Wordsmiths slay my minion, after all?_ He wonders.

[Lupusss! Ssspeak to your massster. What measssuresss have the Wordsssmithsss taken toward me?]

This time, he receives an immediate answer.

[Hello, Mephisto.] Lupus answers, lacking any sort of love for him in her voice. Despite having to obey his orders and answer any questions he asks, she still possesses enough willpower to resist fawning at his feet like a beaten mutt. [Things are not looking good for you. The Wordsmith has issued a warrant for your capture or death to all the other Emperors. In particular, he seems hellbent on acquiring Monster King Kar's body and soul.]

She details the events of the last hour or so to Mephisto, even telling him the details about the Belial Booster. Finally, she informs Mephisto about the attack on Sharmur, and how the Kolvaxians ended up killing 80% of the planet's inhabitants.

[Kekeke!] Mephisto guffaws. [What good luck! The Wordsssmith won't have time to immediately hunt me down! I can gather all of my toolsss and make way to lurk inssside the Labyrinth!]

Mephisto pauses.

[And what of Gorn? Did sssomeone ssslay him? I have been unable to contact him sssinccce I left.]

[No. Gorn is still alive and well.] Lupus says, without elaborating further.

[Then why isss he not resssponding to my sssummonsss?] Mephisto asks, pressing Lupus for more information. [Sssomething doesssn't sssmell right.]

[Well, that's just too bad.] Lupus says, taunting Mephisto. [I guess you two never formed a 'real connection' after all. Maybe you should have treated him better.]

[Do not taunt me!] Mephisto growls. [Anssswer my quessstion, female! Why can I not contact Gorn?!]

For a few moments, Lupuis struggles not to answer. However, ultimately, Mephisto's control forces her to speak.

[Gorn... has... he has... broken free. He no longer... follows your commands.] Lupus answers, through gritted teeth.

Mildly surprised, Mephisto frowns deeply.

_Gorn broke free of my control? That makes him the third minion I've lost already! Why does this keep happening?_

The Emperor of Legions doesn't immediately continue conversing with Lupus. He ponders on Gorn instead, debating what could have gone wrong, before slowly blinking his eyes.

_Ksss. So that's it. Gorn's soul aura must have changed when he 'swapped faces.' So long as he does not don the Vermillion mask again, I will not be able to control him. Curses!_

Mephisto trembles with rage. The realization that yet another valuable pawn has escaped his grasp makes him want to start smashing everything in sight! He shifts from side to side and starts to reach toward a decoration on the wall, only to eventually calm himself.

"No! I cannot lossse my cool! That Gorn, kekeke... very clever. But in the end, I ssstill posssesss Lupusss. Two Emperor minionsss are better than none."

Mephisto summarily severs the connection between himself and Lupus, not deigning to reply to her last message. Before long, all his necromancer acolytes arrive before him, and he sends them through his gate to the Nether Realm.

After collecting his other resources and tools, Mephisto races away. The moment he leaves, he activates a special magical device located deep in the heart of the Hall of the Damned.

A massive explosion engulfs the entire region, collapsing the Hall of the Damned in on itself!

Mephisto sighs inwardly, knowing he has lost his place of prestige here on the demon's primary world. However, seeing the state of Hell Harbor, he doesn't feel too much grief, given its sad, sorry state. Considering how much damage the Archangels did to the entire world, it will take centuries for it to naturally heal all its scars.

The Emperor of Legions takes his leave, racing toward the distant Warpgate. However, unlike before, he's no longer in any specific rush to leave the planet. After all, in his Perfected Mist Body transformation, nobody can detect him unless he wishes for them to do so. Now that he has ensured the survival of his subordinates, he has no further ties to the Seven Hells, and as such, he can begin planning his next move.

Mephisto slows to a stop not far from the Warpgate. To his dismay, it currently remains inactive, but he doesn't worry. At some point, someone will have to activate the Warpgate, likely connecting it to the Labyrinth, and he can slip through without ringing any alarm bells.

The necromancer silently begins to mentally debate his future options.

_The other Emperors will come to hunt me down, but they will not be able to find me. Once I reunite with Lupus, I will possess three Emperor-level powerhouses. With my ability to sneak anywhere, unseen, I can easily take out any lone Emperor in a flash! If I kill them... kekeke... I can add them to my power! The only way to defend against me will be if the other Emperors stick together in groups of two or three. But that will concentrate their strength, leaving their Dukes vulnerable to attack!_

Wicked thoughts flicker around inside the Emperor of Legions' mind.

_I may not be able to collect human souls automatically anymore, but I can still stab and capture them individually, myself. So long as I immediately bind them to an undead body, that pesky Lazarus Tower won't stop my slow, gradual accumulation of power._

As Mephisto waits and plots, the Warpgate suddenly flickers with energy. Moments later, a connection opens, leading into the Labyrinth.

_Success! I barely even had to wait at all!_ Mephisto snickers to himself. He starts to levitate toward the Labyrinth, only to pause when a familiar demon exits from the other side, stepping onto Hell Harbor's soil.

Bael, the Duke of Pain, swaggers out with the same enthusiasm as always.

"Sup, guys. Yeah, just me, good old Bael, hehe. Sup, Hubert? Sup, Malor? Yeah, haven't seen you in a while either."

Mephisto's eyes narrow as he gazes at Bael. Immediately, the urge to capture Bael and somehow force him into once again becoming Mephisto's undead slave comes to mind, but instead, the necromancer remains still. His anger cools, and in his eyes, a trace of pity appears.

_Ksss... Bael. You were my good friend for so long. Even though you turned against me during Stormbringer, I can't fully blame you. You've always cared about your friends, no matter their position in the demonic hierarchy._

Mephisto gazes deeply at Bael, realizing the Duke of Pain has not yet realized the truth.

He doesn't know Ose died, and with her, his body has been lost as well.

Neither does he know the fate which befell Sharmur. He hasn't any idea that many of his friends among the Hell of Isolation were murdered by the Kolvaxians.

Mephisto glances at the Warpgate leading back to the Labyrinth. He hesitates, but ultimately decides not to head back, just yet.

Instead, he tails Bael in secret, lurking in the air around the Duke of Pain while Bael slowly and casually strolls past hundreds of other demons and monsters, all while saying 'hello' to every damn person in sight.

"Sup, Marlon? Sup, Janey? Ayo, how's it hangin', Luffy? What's good, Rollo!"

Despite Bael's idiocy, Mephisto notices for the first time just how many demon and monster names Bael has memorized. Even though he might be an idiot, Bael still puts plenty of effort into remembering the names of essentially every demon around him. Despite their differences, Mephisto admires this trait of his friend.

After Bael gets done saying hello to every demon in a five mile radius, he eventually arrives at a food shack not far from the Warpgate. Tired and worn-out, Bael pulls up a chair and orders his favorite dish, some juicy Blood Pie.

After sitting down, Bael's smile fades away. He leans his cheek against his wrist, and his elbow on the table. He sags into that position while waiting for his food to come.

"Man, oh man. What a day. Damn near pulled my string-o-ham tryin' ta climb that tree. This body's so weak..."

While Bael grumbles to himself, Mephisto silently reveals himself on the other side of the table. However, Bael doesn't even flinch.

"Oh. Hey, Mephisto. You here to get a piece of me too? Seems everyone wants a bite of my tight little butt today."

Mephisto blinks. "Ksss. No. I thought I would sssay goodbye, Bael. I'm guesssing you haven't heard. The Wordsssmith killed Ossse. Ssshe no longer exissstsss in our reality. Sssshe hasss been dissspatched to the Great Beyond."

Bael frowns. "Wait, really? Ose's dead?"

He sits up a little straighter. "And what about my body?"

Mephisto shakes his head. "Gone. Reduccced to atomsss."

"Aw man! You're kidding me!" Bael groans, while slapping the table. "That was a perfectly good body! Are you telling me I'm stuck in this thin, scraggly, useless thing?"

Mephisto nods. "You may be in luck, though. The Wordsssmith hasss allied with the demonsss. Perhapsss he could ssshift your presssent body back into your old one."

"Ohhh! Yeah, wow, you're so smart, Mephisto!" Bael laughs. "Damn, bro. And now you're gonna be leaving soon? Not even enough time for one last game of Sticks and Bones?"

"I'm afraid not." Mephisto says, his voice lowering. "But, Bael. There isss one other matter I feel I mussst tell you about."

Mephisto delivers the truly devastating news to Bael, the news that Sharmur has fallen. In only a single day, all of Bael's friends have perished, with only Melody remaining among the living.

Bael swallows the news quietly. He listens until Mephisto finishes talking, then leans back in his chair.

"...You've gotta be kidding me. What are the Seven Hells coming to, man? Ose's dead. Fenrir's dead. Wolfram, Viola... even little Guura. Dorma, too... sheesh. We're losing folks left and right."

"Many will perisssh." Mephisto says. "However, Bael... now isss a good time for me to extend one lassst offer to you. Why don't you come and work with me? Thessse other foolsss... they are not worth your attention. I intend to unite all the Ssseven Hellsss... but I cannot do it alone! Having another Emperor at my ssside would help a lot!"

Bael scratches his head. "I dunno. I don't think I'm up for all that fighting stuff right now, Mephis-bro. I'm still trying to work out, make my body a little stronger. You know how it goes. Plus, I've been having all these weird things happen to me, so I'm trying to figure out what that's all about. Sigh."

"Sssuit yourssself." Mephisto says. "I have lingered here too long. If you change your mind, Bael..."

Mephisto reaches into the rotted folds on his clothing. He pulls out a small ring and casually tosses it to the Duke of Pain.

"...Ussse thisss to contact me."

Bael's eyes widen. "W-whoa man. I uh, I don't think I'm ready for this level of commitment! Besides, ain't marriage like, ain't that a HUMAN thing?? Let's not get carried away, pal. I'm still mad at you for what you did during Stormfucker!"

Mephisto gazes at Bael for several long seconds. Then, he shakes his head.

"It isss not a wedding ring, Bael. You are ssstill an absssolute moron."

"Ohh, whew! I totally misunderstood!" Bael laughs, while wiping his sweaty forehead. "If this is just an ENGAGEMENT thing, I'm cool with that. We can call it off if our feelings chill out! Less pressure, ya know?"

Mephisto lowers his head. Without another word, he dissipates into the wind, a single thought lingering in his brain.

_Bael... you're such an idiot!_

After Mephisto leaves, Bael smirks. He fiddles with the ring and slides it on, spreading out his fingers to admire the little green gem.

"Hehe. What a guy. You think you know a fella, then he goes and gives you such a pretty present. Mmm."

Bael's stupid smile quickly cools. He frowns and holds his fingers a little closer.

"Eugh. My nails are all long and pokey. Hey, I know! I'll have the gals give me a manny-cure! That sounds like FUN, hehe!"