Part 693: Creator's Conspiracy

_Far-Future Era. Two days pre-AJR._

Two 7th Level Kolvaxors gazed down upon Uriel as she was dragged under the soil.

"Raph-!!"

Dirt flooded into Uriel's mouth, choking her and burying alive. The last thing she saw was her brother's silent, unmoving figure.

...

Time passed.

Uriel awoke in a daze. Her vision blurry, she couldn't make out the world around herself.

Then, all at once, a spike of fear shot through her heart. Her eyes widened, and her vision cleared up. She found herself in an unbelievably vast underground chasm, embedded in a wall. Less than twenty feet ahead of her, on the opposite wall, there were strange objects snared in place. It took her a second to identify them as strange webbed pods. The sort of thing a giant spider would use to ensnare a meal and wrap it up before consuming it later. Uriel tried to move, to wiggle her body, but she failed. 

Her heart-rate shot up further as she looked down and realized she, too, was trapped! Only her head was free, which stood in contrast to the other webbed pods that clung to the walls. A look to her right and left demonstrated that there were thousands, hundreds of thousands, perhaps millions of other pods going up, down, left and right, as far as her powerful eyesight could see. The chasm seemed to extended infinitely into the distance, a dense fog blanketing the far distant edges.

"Nay, nay, nay!" Uriel cried, trying even harder to wiggle. She failed again. "What devilry... nay!!"

Her arms were fastened against her stomach. They were completely ensnared by webs with the consistency of iron and concrete. She couldn't twitch a finger, let alone cast magic to try and free herself. Even her toes were trapped. She realized she had been stripped nude, and now only her head was free! Her hair was filthy, and it clung to the webbing, making it so if she turned her head too much, she was certain to rip some of her hairs out. A mild pain she would gladly endure if it ensured her survival.

She was not truly herself. She had long ago possessed Barbatos's body and reformed it in her image. She looked just like her original self, but at her core, she had corrupted the body of a Demon Duke, forcibly empowering it to the peak of mortal power.

Now, she felt that, though she could not see her body, she knew something had changed. That facade was failing her. Her hair, what little she saw, had lost its white color and had turned black. When she screamed, her voice was deeper and more masculine. She was reverting back to Barbatos's original form! Whatever this pod was, it was undoing all her hard work to return to her original appearance.

But she didn't care about that. She would happily wear Barbatos's body like a puppet so long as it allowed her to escape and achieve her objectives. Right now, she was most horrified by the fact this strange webbed pod _had_ such a power. Was it draining her energy? Was it going to suck the life from her soul? Was she-

[Sister. Thou art finally awake.]

A male voice spoke within Uriel's soul. She quickly submerged herself into her Mind Realm, where she found Raphael, Michael, and Gabriel all awaiting her arrival.

When Uriel's spirit manifested next to her brothers, she immediately locked eyes with Raphael. He smiled kindly at her, but she felt a chill go down her back. Neither Michael nor Gabriel said a word. They stared at the ground, as if having recently learned a secret that had... shattered their spirits.

[Raphael! RAPHAEL!] Uriel roared. [Thou hath explaining to do!]

She stormed toward Raphael and grabbed him by his robes' collar, but he didn't resist. His smile weakened, and he looked off to the side.

[Sister. Many millennia have passed, but the Work is done. Do not fret. The current situation is not as it appears. You are safe.]

[Safe?!] Uriel bit back. [I'm trapped! Trapped in a strange, horrible room made of nightmares! Art thou behind this??]

[Indeed, I am.] Raphael admitted. He fell silent, before adding, [Release me, and I shalt answer all the questions on thy mind.]

Uriel flicked her eyes over to Gabriel and Michael, but she didn't let Raphael go. Upon sensing her gaze, Michael lifted his head and locked eyes with her.

[Listen to Raphael's tale.] Michael said quietly. ['Tis both horrifying and beautiful. But mostly... tragic. He has long planned for this day to come.]

Uriel's eyebrows tensed. She continued to squeeze Raphael's collar, lifting him off the ground an inch or two before snarling and dropping him back on his feet. She spun around and walked a few steps away to cool her head.

[Speak!] Uriel barked. [What treachery is this?! One of the Kolvaxians which struck me was an illusion, an illusion made by THEE! I saw it with my own eyes, Raphael!]

['Twas, and thou dids't.] Raphael admitted. [Sister, come, sit. I have already explained the situation to Michael and Gabriel. 'Tis time thou understood the Truth I hath not spoken in my life. Only one other knows, but Solomon wisely kept his mouth shut, as this Truth did not concern him.]

Uriel relented. She walked over to Raphael, but even as he took a seat, she did not. A feeling of uncertainty had taken hold, and she now felt she couldn't trust her own brother. As such, she merely stood with her arms crossed, looking down on his seated form.

Raphael didn't press the issue. He summoned a pipe and started to smoke.

['Twas many eons ago when I first conceived my plan. Many roadblocks barred the path. I needed to systematically eliminate them, one by one.]

[It began with the Dragon and Titan Wars. Primordial battles which occurred on a scale few can begin to fathom. Wars which obliterated entire star systems and ravaged the galaxy, slowly but surely draining it of its magical energy. And with that drainage, the weakness of the Angel form became apparent.]

Raphael stayed quiet for a time.

[The Creator. 'Twas I who killed him.]

[What?!] Uriel gasped. [Thy father fell at thine hand?!]

[Indeed he did.] Raphael said quietly. [He made me in his image. He expended all his power to ensure I was his equal. At the moment he finished, he had already lost the qualifications to be our galaxy's Ruler. I did not kill him immediately, but instead, a few million years after he had created me and taught me the virtues he lived by.]

Raphael continued. [I killed my father because I believed that by doing so, I would become Ruler. I was wrong. I failed to ascend. And that in turn led to my concocting of wild plans, one after another, schemes I believed that would allow me to Ascend. All of them failed.]

Uriel gazed at her brother with the eyes of someone spotting a beast lurking in the darkness. She was not a fool. She had seen flashes of his cunning, glimpses of the monstrous side he had tried to hide, but never did she realize the depths of his depravity.

[And this latest scheme?] Uriel asked. [Trapping us in a den of evil?!]

[Ah. This plan is one I began working on even before I had our people's minds wiped.] Raphael explained. [Camael gave me the idea. A method to make the angels regain their sovereign status once again. Unfortunately, the price we need pay would be... quite extreme.]

Raphael gestured broadly outside of Uriel's vision.

[The time is now, sister. Our people await.]

Uriel blinked. [Our people...?]

She returned her attention to the real world. What she saw scared the life out of her.

She was no longer inside that terrible chasm. She had been freed! Without her even knowing, the pod that ensnared her had vanished, and she had somehow been transported to a pure white realm that shone with blinding light. Her eyes watered from its luminosity. She attempted to shield her face with her hands, but the light came equally from all directions and cast no shadows. It was a futile effort.

"This... where is this place?" Uriel asked.

Raphael materialized beside her, his body the same spiritual construct as before.

"'Tis the Cosmic Realm, sister. Or perhaps, one mayeth say 'tis the shoddy facsimile of the True Cosmic Realm I tried to create. Sadly, I failed and could not subvert Akasha's domain... but this False Cosmic Realm still has its uses."

Raphael smiled at Uriel. She did not smile back. She shivered, feeling there was something uncanny about his expression.

"Fear not, Uriel. This day is one I hath long awaited." Raphael said slowly. "Look around thyself. Sense the energy in the air. Hath thou failed to notice what makes this Cosmic Realm unique?"

Uriel tore her eyes away from Raphael. She tried to sense something, anything, but all she could feel was the presence of that all-encompassing light which even her Archangel senses could not block out.

"What am I supposed to sense?" Uriel questioned.

"Ah... verily, thy soul manipulation hath always been inferior to those of the other Archangels." Raphael said with a shake of his head. "I assumed thousands of years battling the will of those two pitiful demons would have improved thy soul sense, but alas."

He gestured broadly.

"This Cosmic Realm failed in its original purpose. But later, I repurposed it to become a repository... a repository of fallen souls. Every Pureblooded Angel who hath fallen since the ancient times ultimately came to reside here. The only exceptions were those whose souls were permanently extinguished, those whose souls were captured by malevolent actors, such as Satan the Devil... and we Archangels, who ultimately took up abode within our rings."

"What?" Uriel questioned, her pupils shrinking to pinpricks. "This... this cannot be! Is not that the same function as the ancient Lazarus Tower, albeit focused upon the souls of angels instead of the souls of humans?!"

Raphael smiled at her slyly.

"How dost thou thinketh I came upon the idea for the Tower? My Cosmic Realm was the original creation, and the Lazarus Tower was but a weaker, modified recreation."

Uriel stared at him blankly for a time. Then, her expression became intense.

"The Lazarus Tower had a flaw, Raphael! Thou were only able to succeed in making it function properly by sacrificing Michael's life to bind all of humanity to the tower. But in order to capture the far mightier souls of angels, particularly ancient angels, an even greater sacrifice would have been necessary!!"

Raphael's smile slipped away. His expression became dark, and he averted his eyes.

"A most terrible sacrifice indeed."

Several seconds of silence followed. The Cosmic Realm became so still that one could hear a pin drop.

Uriel swallowed heavily. Her eyes shook as she looked at her brother in horror.

"Nay... it cannot be..."

"The conclusion thy mind has leapt to... is correct." Raphael said softly.

"Muriel! Cassiel! Then their deaths... they were pre-meditated? They were a part of this sacrifice?!"

"Not intentionally." Raphael said, his voice quiet. "But one must not let a crisis go to waste. I used their souls to finalize the creation of the Cosmic Realm's final functionality. Their deaths were not in vain."

"B-...BASTAARD!" Uriel roared. She lunged at Raphael and smashed her fist into his face. His spiritual construct-body instantly broke apart. He reformed a moment later, his hands casually folded behind his back.

"Uriel. Calm thyself." Raphael said. "Now is not the time-"

"MURDERER!!" Uriel screeched, as hot tears fell from her eyes. She conjured a lance of light and impaled it through Raphael's chest. He perished, then reformed a moment later. "All this time, thou leadeth me to believe 'twas Michael who murdered Cassiel and Muriel in cold blood! But it was not! 'Twas THEE!!"

"I did NOT murder them." Raphael stated. "But I _did_ deceive Michael into doing so. He killed his sisters. I used their souls to empower the Cosmic Realm, and from that point on, I hath collected every fallen Pureblood's soul for the Grand Work."

Hot tears streamed down Uriel's face. Raphael's argument was logical and sound, but Uriel's hatred ran bone-deep. She couldn't remember anything about Cassiel or Muriel. She could not recall their faces, what they looked like, or what sorts of people they were.

But she knew, in her heart, she had loved those two more than anyone else. More than Raphael, certainly. A hundred Raphaels could no longer compare to just one Cassiel or Muriel in her mind.

"Villain..." Uriel hissed through grinding teeth. She looked down at Raphael's ring, and a feeling of hatred started to swell into bloodlust within her gut.

There was one way to silence Raphael for good.

One way to ensure he could no longer inflict any further pain upon the universe!

Just as Uriel was about to reach down and pluck off Raphael's ring, Michael and Gabriel materialized beside her.

"Sister." Michael said softly, as he touched the top of her hand with Raphael's ring. "Do not."

"He is a murderer!!" Uriel screamed. "He orchestrated this! He tricked thee into killing thy closest sisters! Dost thou not feel a burning hatred beyond reason for this old villain?!"

"I did. Once." Michael said quietly. "Raphael is a villain. Aye. But he is a villain who acted to preserve the power of our people. Hath thou failed to comprehend the meaning behind his actions?"

"The meaning? What meaning? Creating a mausoleum of souls?! These are the actions of a genocidal bastard!"

Raphael frowned. "Sister. I did not create this place to be a crypt of remembrance. I created it to do for our fallen people what I did for the humans!"

Raphael puffed out his chest.

"The Cosmic Realm's true purpose... is to revive the angels, take control of the galaxy, and become the victor of Akasha's War!"

Raphael waved his hand. In unison, a dot of light appeared, followed by another, and another, and another...

Tens, hundred, thousands, and eventually trillions of dots of light appeared in the room. Each was the size of a marble, but together, they comprised the entirety of the blinding light which had engulfed the Cosmic Realm.

That omnipresent luminosity was caused by countless, innumerable, infinitely tiny specks of light all shining at once!

When Uriel realized this, her jaw dropped. She was still horrified, but also amazed. How could she not be? The scale of the Cosmic Realm was beyond comprehension!

"And now." Raphael said calmly, turning to look at Uriel with an expressionless face. "The one who made all this possible."

A presence appeared behind Uriel. She stiffened. The aura she felt was familiar, intimately so. She knew who it was without even needing to look.

But even so, when she turned around, she could not believe her eyes.

The person standing there...

"Nay... 'tis not possible!" Uriel exclaimed softly. "Die... I saw thee die... thy body expired..."

"I never died, sister." The dark-skinned woman with angelic wings replied. "'Twas all part of dear eldest brother's deception. The entire galaxy played the part of a fool. In secret, I hath amassed a tremendous power over the last 100,000 years. And now, everything has come to a head! For we are reunited!"

She was Uzziel, the Archangel of Life.

Uriel took a step forward. She wanted to reach out and touch her sister, to hug her, to weep tears of joy.

But she stopped short of doing so.

Uzziel's expression was wholly different from Uriel's memories. She did not wear a calm and loving smile.

Her grin was one filled with hatred, malice, and a desire for blood.

"Heh heh heh..." Uzziel chuckled evilly. "The return of the angels doth be upon us, sister. Why dost thou gazeth upon me as if I were a stranger? Come, hug thy beloved sister and let us catch up on the old times!"

Uzziel was different. _Very_ different. Frighteningly so. Everything about her was... _wrong_. She carried herself with a sense of pomp and grandiosity. She puffed out her chest and seemed to revel in the look of horror still lingering in Uriel's eyes.

"Uzziel..." Uriel said, instead taking a step backward. "What... has happened... thou art not the sister I remember!"

"That is because thy memory is _shoddy._" Uzziel spat. "I am as I once was. Before the mind-wipes, I was the most vicious and blackhearted of the Archangels. Raphael deliberately changed me, reformed my personality, and made me into a servile little girl. _All to enact our grand plan!_"

Uzziel gestured broadly.

"My beloved Plagueborn! My children! United in mind, united in purpose! Perfected, no longer flawed. Even greater than I had hoped, thanks to Raphael's work in the background. If he had not found the Wordsmith and groomed him, my Plagueborn might not have devoured that construct-girl and become invincible! So many steps were required, but we have finally arrived in the endgame. The Milky Way is ours now!"

Uriel turned to look at Gabriel and Michael.

"Thou knew of this?"

"Raphael told us a short while ago, after thy soul had fallen unconscious." Michael said quietly.

"And thy heart is at ease with this circumstance?!" Uriel questioned.

Michael nodded. "'Tis indeed. Sister, I know thou feeleth quite dreadful regarding Raphael's past actions, and perhaps thou even believeth the means doth not justify the ends... but listen to what Uzziel and Raphael hath accomplished. I believe thy heart may yet be moved."

Uriel schooled her expression. She looked at Uzziel, who had casually walked over to Raphael and leaned on his shoulder; an easy task given she was taller than him. Her expression was one of smugness.

"And what 'accomplishment' might that be?" Uriel asked.

"Verily, the 'Kolvaxians', as the galaxy hath dubbed them, art my greatest creation." Uzziel said calmly. "Many purposes they serve, but chief among them, they art a hivemind, linked in purpose. They supplant the lesser species, taking their bodies and reusing them for my purposes. The most important purpose, of course, being..."

Uzziel smiled.

"The revival of the angels!"

"Revival?" Uriel asked, bewildered. "Coulds't thou mean...?"

"Each Plaguehost is made of life energy!" Uzziel proclaimed. "That makes them perfect vessels for the new bodies of our fellow angels. Come, Uriel! Take a look and see. I hath already made bodies for each of thee!"

Uzziel waved her hand. Four winged figures appeared. Their eyes were dead. They stood in place, unmoving. But even so, they radiated a rich aura of life that metaphorically knocked Uriel's socks off!

"These... these bodies look like our original forms!" Uriel gasped.

"Wrong." Uzziel sneered. "They art _far_ superior to those old flesh-vessels we once used. The Creator formed Raphael from the dust of the cosmos incorrectly. That is why our bodies always leaked mana. Because we were flawed! And when Raphael created the Cosmic Realm to birth our species, we inherited his flaw. All of us, down to the very last one. Even when he passed the power of Creation to me, to alleviate his Cosmic burden, I still could not fix our flaw. But all of that hath changed now that I hath completed the Plaguehosts. These bodies art perfect without flaw!"

Uzziel radiated divine energy deliberately, but her aura did not weaken in the slightest.

"The so-called Plague, my _children_, have bodies formed from all the greatest creatures in our galaxy. Not only do they not leak mana, but they can regenerate any expended mana in a single night, like the humans. They can wield the power of the Psions, or be used to craft technological wonders via the minds of the captured Technopaths. Even those lowly demons can grant us new abilities. We art finally unstoppable! No other galaxy will DARE to challenge us!!"

Uriel frowned. "If thou possesseth the ability to create technological terrors, then why hath thou not done so? The entire galaxy believes the Kolvaxians are nothing more than mindless beasts."

"Why woulds't I?" Uzziel countered. "The Volgrim tore apart our family. Their attack on Earth led to our downfall. The hatred I feel for them is... _unquenchable_! I am killing them slowly because I wish for them to suffer and wallow in despair! Only once the Akashic Barrier is soon to drop shalt I bring down the hammer and eradicate the last vestiges of enemies in the galaxy, leading the angels to become the sole forms of life in the Milky Way!"

Raphael smiled, but the expression was sinister and vile. "And then, dear sister Uriel, our people will reign supreme."

Uriel's stomach trembled. She felt nauseous. After spending time with two demons, torturing them and listening to their pleas of mercy for tens of millennia, she had in truth softened her hatred somewhat. Spending time with the humans on Tarus II softened her heart further. She still hated the demons, but that hatred had narrowed decisively. It was no longer so broad and all-encompassing as to be on the level of genocide.

But, her conviction wavered. The body before her was pure and beautiful. It looked exactly like her former self, before that bastard Barbatos had devilishly devoured her soul.

She longed for it. She ached to become whole again. To live as a true angel, and not a ghost forcibly possessing some repulsive male's body.

Her wavering turned into a buzzing static in her ear. Uriel's shoulders drooped.

"Brother. Sister. What must I do to become whole again?" Uriel asked.

Uzziel smiled.

"I shalt reform the four of thee at the same time. Take off our brother's rings and place them on each of these new bodies. Then, press thy hand against thy new body's chest. I shalt direct the flow of life from one to the other. Thou shalt... BE REBORN!"

Uriel closed her eyes and nodded. She plucked off her brother's three rings, then handed them to Uzziel.

"Let us complete Raphael's Work then, sister." Uriel said.

Uriel smiled. No-one, not even her beloved brothers, knew exactly what that smile truly entailed...