Part 099: Heaven's Forge

This time, when the vision concludes and I return to the bonfire, I'm the first to speak.

"Samael ended up inside of Satan, after all?"

The three Archangels sit silently for several seconds, each of them gazing into the fire dismally. A range of emotions passes over their faces, from sorrow to regret.

Raphael clears his throat. "Aye. We never knew. 'Tis yet another revelation to us. Solomon's visions continue to surprise."

Michael rests his face in his hands. "Our brother Samael and sister Uriel, both trapped inside the minds of evil monsters. If only I had known. I would have stopped at nothing to release them from their torment."

"Do not blame thyself," Gabriel replies. Of the three Archangels, he sits the straightest. Compared to his brothers, he's the one who has mostly come to terms with his past. "How many times did we kill Satan, only for him to return? He was an unstoppable force of evil. His power grew exponentially over time. 'Tis a miracle he ever fell."

I turn to Solomon. "Speaking of which, how did Satan die?"

The ancient king leans against me and rubs his chin. "Hmm. Satan perished after the destruction of Earth, I presume. I locked myself inside the halls of the Labyrinth around that time. The information I possess comes from when I copied memories during my life, or the heads of people who wore my crown after my death. Unfortunately, my knowledge is not infinite, but contained to those I've interacted with."

I frown. "That doesn't seem right. Whenever I use the crown, I gain the ability to visualize abstract concepts, materialize advanced technology, and any number of other incredible feats. I thought the crown possessed infinite knowledge?"

"Nope. I'm afraid not," Solomon replies. "During the 20th and 21st centuries, many intellectuals were granted the gift of wearing my crown by whosoever was Pope at the time. Several famous inventors and other brilliant minds did so for varying periods to augment their understanding of the universe, but in doing so, they lent their genius to my libraries. Naturally, I grew more and more capable of understanding abstract and complex theories regarding the cosmos."

Solomon winks at me. "Give and take, you see?"

I nod. "Mmm. Well, I know that Amelia was involved with Satan's death. She somehow captured his soul and took possession of him."

"Hah!" Michael guffaws suddenly, making me flinch. "How ironic! The Devil spent his entire life stealing souls from anyone he could wrap his greedy paws around, only to end up trapped under someone else's thumb! I could hardly write a more fitting end for him if I tried."

Solomon glances at me. His eyes glow white for a moment, then revert to normal. "Amelia. I've seen her in your memories and examined her battle against you in detail, but my Crown possesses surprisingly little knowledge of her life before meeting you. For a human to gain enough power to defeat the First Emperor, yet not exist in my database before six years ago..."

Michael stops chuckling. "Oh? Was this 'Amelia' a Hero? Perhaps she emerged after the Energy Wars and battled Satan, then defeated him in a great show of heroic might."

I immediately shake my head. "Not a chance. Amelia despised heroes. She battled Joan of Arc and lost. Hell, she attacked me when she found out I was a hero. Also... regarding her powers..."

Pausing, I remember the images of her attacking humans, devouring souls, and the terror on the faces of demons as she tore them apart.

Solomon holds up his hand. "I see your thoughts, Jason. Let us not relive those memories."

I bow my head. "Sorry."

Michael glances at Solomon suspiciously. "What memories?"

"The Black Queen was no ally of, humankind, angelkind, nor demonkind. I considered her an enemy of all life. Killing Satan was less about helping anyone here, than it was about eliminating a foe against whom she bore a deep grudge. I would hardly praise her for her actions any more than I would Satan's."

I grow silent as memories of Amelia bubble up in my mind. She was my friend. I knew little about her, other than that she led a troubled life. I shouldn't blame myself for her death, but in the end, I do wonder if I couldn't have redeemed her somehow. 

No... her salvation wasn't up to me. Amelia was the arbiter of her destiny, and she chose the path of evil. Even if Blaarjiim influenced her, and even if she had a million excuses, it was her choice in the end, just as the Hero's path was mine.

Saving lives isn't easy. It's often more treacherous than ending them. It takes a lifetime to create something, but an instant to destroy it. 

That's why I have to be vigilant. I can't take the easy road, no matter how tempting it might be.

Solomon looks at me. "Jason? Something on your mind?"

"Kinda. I was thinking about Amelia. Now I'm wondering about my life and what led me to where I am now."

Raphael lifts his gaze from the fire. "Oh? Judging by the sparkle in thy eyes, the future must be thy foremost concern."

"No, the past. I still don't understand why the Heroic Aura chose me. I'm not special; I'm nobody. Solomon was heir to a throne. Alexander the Great was, too. What makes me different?"

Raphael frowns. He gazes at me for a moment before placing his pipe in his mouth.

"The Heroic Aura. Aye, 'twas not other than my sister, Camael, who created it. The exact way it worked was not something we envisioned, merely that it had to perform a few key functions to meet our needs."

Raphael continues. "We placed our power inside a human, one whose body was already puppeteered by a Titan's. By altering him in slight, but significant ways, we managed to create a being with the unified power of Angelkind, Titankind, and Humankind. We knew not the exact manner in which his abilities would function, only that upon his death, they would transfer to another human, somewhere in the universe."

Solomon nods. "That was what I assumed. The Heroic aura has always acted in a semi-sentient manner. It seeks those it believes worthy of its power, then changes its abilities based on their personality and potential."

Raphael scratches his beard. "Aye. Not even the Archangel of Divination foresaw its ability to change its form. Life has a way of surprising even the most world-weary traveler."

As the Archangel of Wisdom and Solomon debate the finer points of the Heroic Aura, my memories return once again to my youth. 

I remember my life back then, when I was a young boy living in the foster care system, both of his parents deceased, jumping from house to house — no living relatives. No stability. It's a miracle I came out as good as I did.

What did my biological mother look like? My father? No matter how much digging I did, I never found out anything about them. 

I raise my hand. "Hey, Solomon. How many Heroes were orphans? I read a lot of fiction growing up about kids without parents called to save the world and other mushy stuff like that. Maybe there's a connection? Something about fiction mirroring reality?"

Solomon pauses to consult his crown. "Not many. A few were, but most heroes were born of nobility and had large, extended families, myself included. Are you asking because of your life's course?"

"Yeah. I never knew my parents. I'm just wondering what made me worth pursuing. The Heroic Aura must have chosen me for a reason."

Raphael chuckles. "Heh. Young men usually desire a purpose for their lives. Have thou considered the possibility that perhaps thou were of little importance? Perhaps the Aura sought out an ordinary person. After all, in the ancient eras, there were only a few nobles living amongst the common rabble. By the time thy birth occurred, the world had thousands of politicians and businessmen with influence and power on par with kings."

Solomon lifts his head to gaze into the starry night sky. "Perhaps. Perhaps not. Jason brings up a good point. At the time of his birth, there were billions of humans on Earth. I wonder, too, why the Heroic Aura would choose him."

Michael waves his hand flippantly. "Bah! It matters not. The boy became a hero, and that's all there is to it. Solomon, please continue the visions. I grow weary of this idle prattle."

Solomon sighs. "Michael, I hope someday you learn the value of patience. Such hastiness is unbecoming of an angel."

"The king is right," Gabriel adds. "One need not be in a rush to travel nowhere. Slow down. Smell the roses."

Michael goes silent for a moment, before saying, "If only I _could_."

Solomon whistles quietly. "Pseww... okay. Well, Jason, I think we'd better return to the distant past. Michael needs a nap."

The Archangel of Courage glares at Solomon. "Quiet, lout."

Solomon rolls his eyes, then turns to me. "Prepare yourself, Jason."

---

Once again, I reappear inside Uzziel's body. Somehow, it's become almost comforting seeing things from her point of view. The demons often stink like skunks, but Heaven smells lovely, and being inside an angel's body, especially someone as sweet and gentle as Uzziel, is a much more pleasant experience than that of the demons.

I walk down a dirt-street inside Heaven's biggest city. The only one? Are there multiple? Come to think of it; I don't know how big Heaven is. It could be the size of a planet or a small country. I'll ask Solomon later.

Uzziel hums to herself pleasantly, though there's a tinge of melancholy in her tone. She pauses before a large water-fountain and lowers her gaze to a splotch of blood along its base. A tiny red hand lies severed next to the stone cropping. Uzziel's stomach clenches, and she quickly motions to form magic signs. A wave of mana leaves her body, and the ground opens up to swallow the hand. After that, a few vines sprout and cover up the blood.

She continues onward, forcing herself to continue humming stoically. The pain in Uzziel's heart wrenches mine as well.

Compared to the last time Uzziel stood among her fellow angels, the overall attitude of the place is completely different. Most murmur to each other quietly, while others simply hang their heads. Looks of defeat pass across the faces of everyone present. It appears a few days have passed. I see no imps wandering around, so I have to conclude that the angels killed them.

Uzziel continues walking through the crowds, smiling and nodding at those she passes. She puts a little bit of sing-song into her voice as she stops before a half-dozen men and women. "Cheer up, brothers and sisters! We needn't weep for those fallen! They shall live in our memories forever!"

The gaggle of angels turns to look at me. My infectious smile forces them to return the gesture. "Y-yes. Of course. It, ah, won't do for us to mope around all day."

Continuing onward, I marvel at how Uzziel forces herself to smile. She puts her best effort into making others laugh, even as her chest constricts every time her memories return to dwell on Samael's face. His death wounded Uzziel deeply, but she still beams happiness everywhere and tries to boost everyone else's spirits.

I admire her self-sacrificing spirit.

...

Time passes. Ten minutes. Twenty.

Uzziel arrives at the edge of the city. A fifty-foot tall stone building towers over me. The domed structure reminds me of an igloo, with a doorway barely ten feet high. Gabriel might have difficulty entering it, but the other angels wouldn't. The oval-shaped opening extends out of the building a few feet. As I walk toward it, a wave of incredible heat washes over me. It must be a hundred and fifty degrees inside. I start to sweat, but Uzziel doesn't seem to notice.

The Archangel enters the building. Immediately, the temperature increases even higher. Two hundred degrees. Three hundred degrees. Uzziel wipes her forehead as sweat begins to drip. I can't understand how she's standing, let alone walking. I've cooked food in ovens cooler than this place. Angels are hardy beyond belief.

As I enter, the sound of steel clanging against steel rings out in the din. _WHAM. WHAM. WHAM._

Camael, the Archangel of Divination, raises a massive hammer above her head and slams it down against a sword. A wave of heat radiates outward as the tool meets the red-hot blade. Behind Camael, Uriel and Raphael stand. Unlike me, Uriel appears perfectly at home in the heat from the forge. Raphael seems somewhat fatigued, but he stands without complaint as Camael smiths the weapon wordlessly.

"Brother. Sisters." I nod at them and come to a stop. My gaze sweeps the room. Dozens of swords, axes, shields, pieces of armor, and hundreds of other trinkets hang from the ceiling. Others stay affixed to the walls via spikes and similar implements.

Camael halts her hammer for a moment to glance at me. "Uzziel! What brings thee to my humble smithy?"

"'Tis not often thou dost bestow a new artifact upon someone," I reply. "I am interested in seeing Uriel's new weapon."

Camael stares at me for a moment before smiling. "Is that so?"

She returns to hammering the sword. I take a step closer, but keep a distance of about ten feet from her forge. "Did I miss the ceremony?"

Uriel shakes her head. "Nay. Camael needed to finish working on that blade before continuing."

"Is that Uriel's artifact?" I ask.

Camael shakes her head. "Nay. This sword is one I've forged and reforged hundreds of times. I intend for it to someday be my mightiest weapon. Unfortunately, my mana supply is not what it used to be."

Uriel stands on her tiptoes to peer over Camael's shoulder at the weapon. "Not to insult thy craft, sister, but it doesn't seem different from any of the others in here."

Camael smirks. "Have faith, Uriel. Someday, whosoever wields this weapon will become an unstoppable agent of the Creator. After that fiend killed our brother... I realized I needed to complete it. These imps... the _demons_... they represent a threat to our people. We underestimated them once, and as a result, we lost more than we bargained for."

Uzziel's eldest sister tightens her grip on the red-hot sword.

"I... I had another vision. Last night."

Raphael, silent until now, perks up. "Oh? Thy hesitant tone worries me."

"It should," Camael whispers. "My clairvoyance is rarely lucid. The future is messy, chaotic, a mass of twisting lines and allegiances. Often, I wake up more exhausted than when I lay my head down to rest."

Hesitantly, I speak up. "Thy vision must have been clearer than usual."

Camael sighs. She lifts up the sword and plunges it into a vat of water beside her, extinguishing its heat. After waiting a moment for the blackened blade to cool, she sets the weapon on her anvil, along with her hammer, then turns to face the three of us.

"What I saw sickened me. The demons will become our greatest threat. Their powers will continue to increase, far beyond anything we can imagine. All of us may perish under their unstoppable onslaught."

Uriel's eyes narrow. "Impossible. They caught us off-guard, but the bastards were hardly a match for our power. How could they hope to overrun the might of Heaven? We subdued the dragons and the Titans. A few tiny demon bastards are hardly-"

"Uriel." Raphael reaches his hand over to rest it on her shoulder. "Allow Camael to finish. Her visions have never failed us. Besides, they always have a caveat."

Camael nods. "Thou dost speak truth, brother. Never is the future set in stone. My visions often offer us a divergent path. However, this time, the stakes couldn't be higher. On the one hand, we will face total extinction, but on the other, we will find a utopia free of pain or sorrow. We must hunt the demons down and slay them all if we hope to avert the inevitable."

After a moment, Camael lowers her eyes. "But... the vision I received last night... the reason it haunts me still... I saw something else. I felt it. _My death_."

The color drains from Raphael's face, Uriel's, and mine too. Our brother opens and closes his mouth, before stammering out, "A-art thou certain?"

Camael hesitates. "I... I saw a horrible creature. Red skin, like the imps, but with a horrific gleam in his eye. He reached toward me. I tried to fight back, but couldn't. My body became heavy. Darkness overtook me. When the void parted, hundreds of screaming voices echoed inside my mind. Their pain mixed with mine. I awoke with a start, sweat drenching my skin. For a moment, I forgot 'twas only a dream. It felt so real that I... I unquestioningly believed my demise had occurred."

"How terrible," I whisper. Quickly, I walk over and reach up to hug Camael, wrapping my arms around her armor. Camael reciprocates, forcing a smile.

"'Twas only... only a vision," she says. "I shall recover."

"'Tis still awful! My heart rends in two for thee!"

Camael gently pats my head, caressing it lovingly. "I thank thee, Uzziel. Even if my end should someday arrive, I will always count myself grateful for-"

"No more of that!" Uriel snaps. "I'll hear no talk of thy supposed demise. Not this soon after Samael's death, not _ever._ Cast aside thy anxieties and focus on the present."

A minute passes. Camael pushes me away and nods. "Right. Very well. I would like nothing more than to forget. A-ah, Uriel, thy reason for coming here..."

Camael switches topics, moving to end the discussion. She turns to the wall of artifacts, then gestures toward several different implements. "Thy fighting ability against the demons was less impressive than I liked seeing. I have decided to triple thy combat prowess by creating a pair of weapons for thee."

Uriel follows Camael's hand to a pair of spears hanging from the wall. "Not a sword and shield?"

"Nay. Thy Light Walls provide exemplary defense — what thou dost lack is a mighty offense to land killing blows. A sword and shield are for fighters like Michael, who rely on speed and mobility to close the gaps between each enemy, while also providing defensive capabilities where they lack. Thou requireth no such thing."

Camael reaches up and plucks the spears off the walls, then tosses them to Uriel. "Gungnir. Gae Bolg. Two of the mightiest spears I have ever forged. Each is light as a feather, but nigh unbreakable no matter how much force one applies."

Uriel catches both spears, one in each hand. She fumbles them slightly and frowns. "Shouldn't I wield only one spear at a time? Using two seems rather... clunky."

Camael smiles. "As I said, thy defense is unparalleled. Typically, someone who uses one spear will focus on parrying and attacking with smooth, sweeping motions. However, wielding two of them allows for incredible reach and attack potential, allowing thee to spear multiple enemies at once."

Uriel's eyes brighten. "Ah! I can slay twice as many demons as before, eh? Thy intent is admirable, my beloved sister. I thank thee for this wonderful gift!"

Raphael keeps his enthusiasm muted, possibly due to the heat in the room. "A most generous gift indeed, Camael. I wonder if thy generosity will ever extend to thy older brother, hm?"

"Haha! Thou hath little need of such implements, Raphael. Thy mystic arts are more than a match for any physical weaponry." Camael winks at Raphael. "But of course, thou already knoweth this."

"I do, I do," Raphael replies. "Still, the prestige of holding one of my sister's artifacts would lighten my heart."

Camael pauses to rub her chin. "Hmm. Well, Samael's death has given me ideas. Protecting our lives is essential. I'll give thy request some thought."

"Do not stress thyself," Uriel says with a grin. "Once I master these spears, I'll become unstoppable. I feel thy mana flowing inside each of them. The demons won't stand a chance, nor will the Titans."

My eldest sister's smile vanishes. "Let us not speak ill of our allies, no matter how tentative the peace might be. Ah, that reminds me, 'tis about time."

Camael sweeps her hair back and heads toward the door. The three of us follow behind her and step into the wonderfully cool air outside, which feels chillier than an arctic breeze compared to the heat from her forge.

Raphael wheezes, thankful to be out of the heat. "Huff. I should join Michael and Gabriel. Soon, we will head off to address the Titans. I am uncertain how Cronus will react to our request."

"If he denies us the right to scour Earth for the red bastards, then he will become our enemy," Uriel says. "I won't rest until I put Satan's head on a pike. I'll butcher the demon women and torture the men."

"Thy bloodlust is admirable," Camael replies. "But I fear it will stifle negotiations. We will leave this matter to our brothers and Uzziel."

I raise an eyebrow. "Thou dost intend for me to go?"

Raphael smiles. "Of course! Thy beauty may help ease Cronus's irritation. He doesn't like being awoken, so perhaps if he observes thy beautiful smile, he may negotiate in good spirits."

Uriel plants the butts of both spears in the ground and leans forward on them. "Hmph. Why can't I come? I'm reasonable!"

"Thou art a hothead, and worse than Michael," Raphael replies. "Worry not. Uzziel makes for an excellent ambassador. She will prove instrumental in changing Cronus's mind. I feel it in my bones."

Uriel relents. "Very well. I have better things to do than chatter with big, overgrown goliaths. I'll practice with my new spears. That sounds like fun."

Camael smacks Uriel's back, making her sister flinch. "Hah! Why don't I join thee! A bit of sparring will do wonders for our mental wellness!"

"It's settled, then," Raphael says. "Let us go now, Uzziel. We shouldn't keep Michael and Gabriel waiting."

I wave goodbye to my sisters. "Farewell, Uriel. Camael. I'll return soon!"

They wave back, and I begin walking the path beside Raphael.

After a minute, Camael's forge falls behind us into the distance. I turn to Raphael and feel my stomach knot together.

"S-say, Raphael... about... about Michael... has he been... with the prisoners..."

Raphael doesn't meet my gaze. "Do not ask questions to which thou knoweth the answers, Uzziel. Michael continues to press the captives for the location of their brethren. Sooner or later, they will tell him what he wants to know."

The old man swallows audibly. "I hope, for their sake, they don't delay. There has been enough pain in Heaven as of late."

I bow my head contritely. 

"Aye. I hate the cycle of violence."