Part 052: Everything Into The Void

Joan impales Amelia's throat with a spear. Amelia gags and trembles, unable to speak. Holy energy courses through her body, hitting her with waves of blinding pain. Amelia opens her mouth to beg for mercy, but nothing comes out.

Joan closes her eyes. "In the days of Jesus Christ, son of God, we punished enemies of God with crucifixion. How fitting that you will perish in a manner befitting a sinner. Thy blood will water the land, freeing us from your wickedness. God will judge thee for all thy sins. In the name of the Father... the Son... and the Holy Ghost... I sentence thee to death. You shall be the first human I kill, and thusly, I condemn myself to the fires of Hell as well."

Amelia looks to the side slightly and stares at Hoarhiim.

_No, please. Hoarhiim. Jason! Don't let her kill me! I'll be a good girl! I'll be good..._

Hoarhiim's glowing eyes close. He speaks a word and vanishes.

Blaarjiim appears in Amelia's mind as little more than a hazy, indistinct face. "My... queen. I... failed you. I couldn't protect you. I even hurt you."

Amelia closes her eyes as Joan begins summoning holy energy to her palm.

_Blaarjiim... help me! They took Levvy... they're hurting me! Jason left! Where are you? I can't see anything..._

The sky brightens noticeably as the radiant energy from the exploding star approaches the planet.

"I'm too far away, my queen. I cannot aid you. If only I hadn't forced you to walk the path of darkness... perhaps..."

...

Mephisto watches silently as the Hero prepares to unleash Holy Energy upon the Black Witch's pinned body. "Pity. I wanted to dessstroy her myssself."

"Mephisto." Barbatos's voice catches the Duke of Mist's attention. "Leave now. Danger approaches. Sky."

Without another word, Barbatos creates a portal and steps inside. Mephisto frowns and looks up into the air. Only now does he notice the increasing light in the sky far beyond how the sun might normally shine. "What? The ssstar? Did the Overlordsss...?! No! My dragon! I can't unsssummon it quickly enough!"

He glances at his giant winged beast and screams in rage. "Cursssesss! CURSSSESSS!"

Mephisto leaps into Barbatos's portal, and it seals shut behind him.

Joan ignores the demon and unleashes a holy blast of energy at Amelia, bombarding the Black Witch's body with agonizing pain. Before she can wipe the girl off the face of the planet, the undead dragon leaps at the Hero and slams her into the ground with its powerful claws. The massive monster screams angrily and repeatedly pounds its spiked tail against the Hero's crusader aura.

"Gahhh! Fetid beast! Servant of the damned!" Joan struggles desperately to fight the dragon off, but its balefire tears apart her aura bit by bit, until, with one final attack, the dragon impales the Hero through her chest with one of its massive claws. Joan smacks at the claw uselessly, only to be rewarded with a terrible death as the dragon lurches its head down and tears her torso apart, chewing her into pulp.

Amelia, her body beaten and broken, stares at the dragon and smiles.

_Levvy... you... saved me... in the end..._

...

Hundreds of miles away, a single sword lies propped against a rock, having been washed away by the floodwaters only minutes earlier. Dellfingler coughs weakly. "Ah, shucks. I'm done for. So this is how it ends, eh? All alone in a muddy field. Oh well. There're worse ways to go."

Despite his pain, Dellfingler chuckles. "At least I made friends. It was a good life."

The sky burns away in an instant as the exploding star engulfs the planet in apocalyptic heat. The last thing every resident of the dead world sees is a light as bright as Creation itself.

Their souls scorch to ash, leaving nothing behind.

---

The remaining Council Members stand in a circle with three bodies in the center; those of Bael, Agares, and Diablo. The screams and cries of humans and imps at the River Styx go unnoticed by the leaders of demonkind.

Satan gasps for breath and clutches his chest. He scowls at Barbatos. "Bastard! How dare you strike your leader?! You've made a grave mistake, boy!"

Belial quickly holds him back. "Satan, Satan... please. Calm down. Barbatos would never do such a thing unless he thought it necessary."

Barbatos's imposing form stands over the comatose Diablo, lying in the center of the room beside Agares and Bael. Having traveled around, recovering those he could, Barbatos ignores Satan's raving.

"Enough war."

Satan bites off his anger with a hiss. "No matter your excuse, I won't forget this treachery. The Black Queen was within my grasp! All I had to do was strangle the life out of her, and I'd be free! Now what?! She can unsummon me at any moment! She-"

"Sssatan." Mephisto interrupts the First Emperor's ranting. "Ssshe isss no longer an isssue. You left before ssseeing what happened... but I did not. Arthur unleassshed hisss full might againssst her. Ssshe wasss powerlesss to ssstop him."

Mephisto continues. "Besssidesss... the Overlordsss mussst have intervened. Polarisss'sss ssstar... it detonated."

Satan gapes at the Duke of Mist. "What? It did?"

Barbatos shakes his head. "Not Overlords. Wordsmith. Hoarhiim."

A hush falls over the group.

Belial speaks next, feeling her heart palpitate. "Wait. If... if the sun is exploding, then... won't that kill the Black Queen?"

Someone coughs. Everyone turns their attention to Beelzebub as he strides up, eying Belial warily. The Baron of Flame's suit is nothing but tatters and rags, yet he struts proudly, as though he were adorned in kingly attire.

"She survived once. She might do so again. However, we believe she escaped the first time. If the sun is going to explode, then it's unlikely anyone, even her, could survive it."

Barbatos glares at the young demon. "She will die."

Belial taps Satan's shoulder hesitantly. "Love... if she dies, won't you as well?"

Satan scoffs. "Of course not! I have thousands of souls left! Once she's gone, I'm free. I will return to my position as First Emperor."

"But someone told me... they said that if Amelia died, you would too."

The First Emperor pauses and stares down at Diablo. "Unlikely. I don't know the powers of her magic, but-"

He pauses mid-sentence. "Wh-what?"

Mephisto cocks his head. "Emperor Sssatan?"

"This... this sensation... what is..."

Satan staggers backward. In the middle of the council, Agares' body starts disintegrating into ash. The effect isn't noticeable for a second or two, but within moments his body transforms from flesh and bone into something resembling both sand and rust, disappearing forever.

Belial's eyes widen. "No! Satan! You're going to..."

The First Emperor slumps forward and falls to the ground. His vectors go limp. Belial catches him just before he hits the Labyrinth's floor.

Satan wheezes and gasps as Belial stares at him in horror. "L-Lilia... Lilia... I was wrong... oh, Devils... I didn't know..."

She presses him against her breast. "I knew this would happen! No... I don't want to lose you a second time! You promised me you'd live! You promised me!!"

Tears erupt in Belial's eyes as she stares at Satan's paling face. His breath comes in ragged gasps. Soon his chest begins to melt away, just as Agares' did. "No... no... no..."

Satan exhales one last time, and his body fizzles into ash, scattering all over the floor. Belial shrieks in horror. "NOOOOO!"

Barbatos, Mephisto, and Beelzebub all stiffen and gaze in silence as they watch the hysterical woman frantically grab at their leader's ashes, doing anything she can to try and bring him back.

Mephisto's eyes darken. _Even I cannot ressstore one who hasss turned to dussst. Curssse you for an eternity, Black Witch. Even in death, you damn usss with your black magic._

---

[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VNSq1qf5ZFk)

"Hoarhiim? Where are we?"

I ask the question automatically, once I realize that I'm no longer dreaming. Vague memories and emotions appear in my mind, but I can't tell fiction from reality.

The orb in my hand glows silently for a moment until Hoarhiim appears. 

"Jason. We're back in the Labyrinth."

"Oh." I stare ahead silently, blinking twice as I notice something surprising. "I can see, again. With my eyes, I mean. What changed?"

Hoarhiim stares at me unsmilingly. "A lot did. Jason... Amelia was irredeemable, as was my brother. They nearly killed Phoebe and her succubus friend. I fought them off as best as I could."

All the memories come rushing back. My battle with Satan. Healing myself, only for Blaarjiim to tear me apart. Allowing Hoarhiim to take over.

"Wait, did Phoebe make it out? Where's Amelia? What's going on?!"

Hoarhiim holds up his hand. "We haven't much time left together, Jason. I need to tell you something important. Please listen carefully."

I nod dumbly, still wondering about Phoebe. "Okay. What is it? What do you mean we don't have much time left together?"

"I unleashed the power of Wordsmithing. You have yet to discover the majority of its applications, but I assure you, Wordsmithing is the most powerful magic that has ever existed. I forced the planet's sun to initiate a supernova. It will engulf the world within minutes."

My heart pounds. "You did?"

"Yes. My brother and I share the same well of power. If one of us dies, the other will as well. When the supernova hits... he will perish."

It doesn't take long for me to connect the dots. "So, you're going to die as well?"

Hoarhiim bows his head. "My brother and Amelia are evil, Jason. However, Amelia used to be a kindhearted girl. My brother tainted her soul over time. In return for taking their lives... giving up mine is a sacrifice I'm willing to make."

He continues. "There's more. I won't be around for much longer. The demons know about your Wordsmithing now. They will find ways to counteract it. Phoebe is safe, but won't stay that way for long. You must master Wordsmithing and save humanity, Jason. You are the last Hero. If you die, the demons will rule the galaxy until the end of time."

"O... okay. I understand."

A pause follows. Hoarhiim clears his throat. "Ahh... the demons are not the only threat. There exists another entity you must beware. The Overlords. They're powerful beings who-"

Hoarhiim freezes for a moment and clutches his chest. "Ahhh! Gnuh- gah!"

"Hoarhiim? What's wrong?!"

The Deity of Light forces a smile. "It is done. M-my brother... is gone... as is Amelia. I'm sorry, Jason... I had... I had to... to stop them... no matter the-"

Hoarhiim's image freezes in my mind, almost as if someone had paused him mid-sentence. 

"No..."

Hoarhiim's body boils away, and his face freezes into a look of agony.

"Hoarhiim... HOARHIIM?!"

His orb begins to shake and tremble in my grasp. Then, it heats up rapidly to a scalding temperature, forcing me to drop it. The moment it hits the floor, it pops like a balloon and dissolves into vapor.

The moment Hoarhiim's orb explodes, his face dissolves from my mind, vanishing from existence.

Silence follows.

I stare ahead blankly at the wall for several moments. Sinking to my knees, I mumble a word. "**Locate.**"

My word of power returns to me after mere moments, revealing nothing.

I can't find Amelia. 

I can't find Hoarhiim.

They're all gone. Everyone is dead.

Now, I am truly, completely... alone.