Part 551: Flashpoint

Five more days pass in realspace.

During this time, a growing sense of anticipation fills the air. Posters spring up all around Tarus II's sole major city, the Fortress of Retribution. These posters show the faces of Neil Adams and Phoebe Hiro, and speak of a Genesis Point, a coming debate that will change the trajectory of human society forever.

With only three million or so humans left in the Milky Way, their population is truly insignificant compared to their demon and monster peers. Even the lizardmen have a population of two million, living within Marie Becker's secret dimensions and a few pockets of the Labyrinth. Compared to the unthinkable number of demons and Volgrim, humanity feels minuscule, utterly insignificant.

Over the last month, following the conclusion of Stormbringer and the changes made by Jason Hiro, a sizable population of demons from two distinct Hells have made themselves at home on Tarus II, with many of them living on the outskirts of the Fortress of Retribution's main city limits. These demons come specifically from the Hell of Isolation and the Hell of Lust.

The Hell of Isolation, in keeping true to its name, usually stays out of the main human city. These demon refugees have heard rumblings of a soon-to-come rebuilding of the planet Sharmur, but they have yet to receive any instructions from its new Demon Deity, Melody.

At the same time, the Hell of Lust has welcomed three new Emperors into its ranks. Thanks to the Belial Booster, the Dukes named Jahn, Silvia, and Bree have all uplifted themselves, assuming the titles of Emperors of Consent, Humiliation, and Adultery, respectively.

In contrast, the Hell of Lust is more than happy to integrate its succubi and incubi into the ranks of humanity, a fact that has caused great concern among those aligned more closely to Neil Adams' political ideology. Countless humans secretly or outwardly react with disgust when they see humans walking hand in hand with male and female demonic sluts, these various sex-fiends always eager to fornicate with the nearest human at hand.

Unlike most demons, succubi and incubi are not innately immortal. They must feed upon the pleasure of other sentients in order to maintain their youthful vigor. But thankfully, contrary to the ancient legends, this does not suck the life out of their human partners, nor does it harm them in the slightest. In fact, pairing off with a Lust-demon has no downsides for their human partners, outside of experiencing prejudice from other humans.

And so, while the Demons of Lust quietly spread themselves around human society, a sense of growing discontent begins to smolder under the surface.

Inside one of the pubs scattered around the city, a pair of men growl at each other while flickering stink-eyes at some of the other humans and demons situated further away.

"It's not right." One of the men says. "It's disgusting. An act against God."

"Preach it." The other man says. "Every time I see a brother walk off with another succubus bitch, I get a sinking feeling in my gut. They're taking away good men and women, preventing us from having children. Every human that lays with a bloodskin means one less human baby born. And you know we need every baby we can get."

"We're losing the reproduction war." The other man says. "There's no way these succubi are as benign as everyone thinks. I bet Diablo's running things from the shadows. He wants to replace humans slowly over time, make us subservient to the demons."

The second man snarls under his breath. "It's a conspiracy, and the Wordsmith is totally blind to all of it."

"Yeah, well, at least we have Commander Adams on our side. He's going to take the Wordsmith's Wife to task. Miss Hiro needs to see just how bad things have become."

"What if she's part of the conspiracy?" The second man asks under his breath. "Miss Hiro isn't stupid. She's married to Jason Hiro. I'm sure she knows all about what these devil-witches are up to. I heard she and her husband even bring the Emperor of Passion to their bedchambers once in a while..."

"Belial? Tsk. Yeah, you're probably right. Damn, the rot goes deep. If Commander Adams calls us to action though, you'd better believe I'm answering his summons."

"One hundred percent."

The two men continue to mutter under their breath, not giving a damn who hears them. If they hadn't been ordered a few times before to keep their voices down, they might even bellow their thoughts in public, but luckily Neil Adams has seen fit to instate strict discipline until the conclusion of the Great Debate.

However, elsewhere inside the bar, one rather rotund female demoness can't help but frown when she hears the two men talk. Her hearing has become much sharper in recent times, a sign of her imminent rise to the rank of Demon Grunt...

"Succubus sluts are all so gross. I bet Ose bewitched Mister Beelzebub with succubus magic. Well, maybe if I can become a succubus, I'll have what it takes to woo him back."

...

Elsewhere in the city, guards spring up on various corners, wielding heavy crowd control shotguns designed to electrocute and paralyze large groups of humans and weaker monsters and demons, should the situation turn dire. With the Great Debate soon to arrive, they have orders not to allow any chaos to engulf the Fortress of Retribution. Order must be preserved.

"You think the Commander is going to win the debate?" One of the female soldiers asks.

"God, I hope so." A male soldier behind her grunts. "It's about time we had some change around here. And not Jason-change either, but good change. Need to remind these demons that we humans have plenty of bite to back up our bark."

The man notices a demon frowning in his direction. He frowns back inside his faceless T-REX.

"The fuck are you looking at, bloodskin?! Move along!"

The demon lowers his head and shuffles away, allowing the soldier's mood to improve.

"At least these grunts know how to listen to their superiors. Man, I hope Neil slaps the hell out of whatever crap the Wordsmith has to say."

"The Wordsmiths aren't going to join the debate." The woman says. "It's only Commander Adams and Miss Hiro."

"What?! You mean even Hope won't chime in with his thoughts?"

"Nope." The woman says. "It's just those two. Yeah, I don't get it either. This debate is all about how Jason has failed us, but the coward doesn't have anything to say. This is why Commander Adams is the superior leader. With him guiding Hope Hiro, we'll have a better future following the Second Wordsmith."

"Can't argue with facts." The male soldier replies.

...

Inside the Tarus II hospital at the western edge of the upper plateau, Belial sighs to herself as she walks down the corridors and passes yet another T-REX-wearing trooper. She steps into a break room and slumps into an easy-chair, lolling her head back in frustration.

Leeroy, the Duke of Restoration, sits nearby, reading an old demonic book about the history of various fallen Emperors. He lifts his eyes up from the book to look at her.

"Are you doing okay?" He asks.

"I mean. Not really." Belial says, her long black hair spilling over the back of her chair. "A lot of demons are starting to feel nervous. The results of today's big debate will have reverberations for potentially centuries. There's rumors Neil Adams wants to pull all the humans to Maiura except the hardline 'demon lovers' who he considers riddled with sin. He's going to set back demon and human relations a hundred years."

Leeroy shrugs. "It's unfortunate, but I've been expecting this to happen eventually. Frankly, the First Wordsmith has done a terrible job managing the situation. We're sitting on a powder keg waiting to blow."

Belial frowns. She lifts her head up to look at Leeroy. "What do you mean?"

"Can't you see?" Leeroy asks. "All these different humans with unique views are being shoved into a one-size-fits-all situation. How many humans have had their friends and loved ones die to Beelzebub's detonation? How many personally suffered as a result of Stormbringer? How many lived under the oppression of our people for tens of millennia, with history stretching back further than their scrolls could record? And you really think they can just set aside their fear and anger to appease the First Wordsmith's morality?"

The Duke of Restoration shakes his head and returns his gaze to his book. "Our people have committed terrible, unforgivable evils, Samantha. If I were in the humans' place, I certainly wouldn't be capable of letting bygones be bygones. It's a miracle nobody has resorted to extreme acts of terrorism against the so-called 'good demons.' If this debate pans out poorly, we could be looking at a mass insurrection against the current regime."

Belial's rosy red skin turns light pink as she pales with unease.

"Surely... they wouldn't go that far?"

"Humans are short-lived and unpredictable." Leeroy says authoritatively. "If you look up the ancient records from Earth, it's clear that they will not tolerate foreigners they dislike for long. A reckoning will come, one way or another. I don't see any tenable route to peace for the Wordsmiths."

"Jason will think of something. At the very least, Phoebe will." Belial says, sitting up straight in her chair. "She always comes through."

...

At a shack built up against the western edge of the plateau, not far from the hospital, a male human and his demon fiance lay in bed within their humble abode, with the demoness laying on her side while the human lays on his back while reading a book about botany.

"Honey..." The demoness, Kiari, says. "Aren't you going to go to the big debate today?"

She lays on her side facing away from her fiance, Saul. He glances at her, then reaches over and squeezes her arm. "No, I don't think so, love. You've been feeling unwell for almost five hours, so I'll just stay here. Besides, I don't really care what the other humans decide to do, as long as I get to continue living with you. I'll hear about whatever happened from the grapevine later."

Kiari mumbles something to herself, then makes a weird noise in her throat. "Ugh... I... I haven't ever been sick before. What could be causing this?"

Saul frowns. He puts down his book, then looks at his wife's back seriously. "Demons don't get sick, do they?"

"Almost never, unless another demon is deliberately trying to poison us. Oh... you don't think I've been poisoned, do you?" Kiari asks, slowly rolling onto her back to look at Saul.

"Hmm. I certainly hope not." Saul mutters. "You're in no condition to walk. Why don't I go and grab someone with a vehicle? I'll have a friend drive us up to the hospital to have Samantha check you out."

"I... I don't want to bother her for no reason." Kiari says, putting on a brave face. "It's probably nothing. Plus she'll be going to see the Great Debate anyway. She won't have time for me..."

"I'm not going to risk your life." Saul says firmly, as he slides his legs over the edge of the bed, stands up, and starts getting dressed. "I'd much rather inconvenience Samantha so long as we can confirm you just have some mild form of demon flu. What if Mephisto is poisoning us, or something? What if that Neil Adams fellow is up to no good?"

Kiari's eyes flash with alarm. "Neil Adams? You don't think he'd...?"

"I know he hates demons. He could have had one of his troopers poison you discreetly. If not him, it could be someone else." Saul says. "There's no room for second chances. Unlike us humans, you demons don't have a Lazarus Tower to revive you if things go south. You'll probably end up... inside of Mephisto's stomach."

Kiari moans in pain. "M-Mephisto? Ohh... I don't... I wouldn't like that..."

"Right." Saul says, as he pulls on a tunic. "Well, I'll be back in ten or fifteen minutes. I'll try and find someone as fast as I can."

"Okay..." Kiari mutters, as she closes her eyes and creases her brow. "Please be quick about it. I don't want to be alone right now. And I'm feeling so hot..."

...

Phoebe Hiro sits at a desk inside her bedroom. For two weeks, she's come and gone, but not once has Jason returned to her side.

His Dronesmith has, but she wouldn't go to bed with an automaton.

So, she stays alone in her room, sometimes enjoying the quiet and solitude, but other times she feels rather empty and lonely. With Jason trapped inside Chrona, she hasn't been able to see or touch her husband for two full weeks.

Th thing that bother Phoebe the most, though, isn't even her own loneliness. It's the thought that for each day she's gone to bed without Jason, he's done the same thing two hundred and fifty times.

On this day in particular, only a couple of hours before the Great Debate, she feels especially forlorn. She looks at the papers in her hand and checks her notes, but a terrible heaviness weighs on her heart.

"I wish Daisy were still here." Phoebe mutters to herself. "God, I wish..."

She sets the papers down on her desk, then lifts her eyes to stare blankly at the wall for a few minutes. Nothing in particular comes to her mind. She simply feels a deep weight of expectations looming over her shoulders.

"Can I really do it?" She asks herself. "Can I get all these people to unite their hearts into a singular goal? It feels impossible."

After a few more minutes, she decides to get up, go to the Central Gardens, and visit her nephew, Sir Lorent. The trip doesn't take her long, perhaps only a quarter of an hour, and as always she finds him painting on an easel while little Shana does the same. Phoebe smiles as she approaches, seeing that Shana's painting skills have improved a lot.

"Lorent." Phoebe says from behind him.

The man blinks in surprise, then turns around to flash a huge smile at her. "Aunt Phoebe! How good to see you. It's been a few days."

"Sorry." Phoebe says. "I've been busy lately prepping for this damned debate with Neil Adams."

"Ohh, I almost forgot about that." Lorent says with a sagely nod of his head. "What were you debating again?"

"The matter of Jason's leadership, and whether or not humanity should stay on Tarus II or split in half, with some people going to Maiura and some staying here." Phoebe answers.

"Mmm. That's a topic too heavy for the likes of me." Lorent says with a light laugh. "I, ah... I kill things, and I paint. That's all I'm good for, none of that political talk."

"Right." Phoebe says, stifling a frown as she looks away. "Oh, Shana! How have you been, little sweetheart? Is Uncle Lorent treating you well?"

Shana turns and beams a huge smile at her adoptive aunt. "Yeah! Lorent good! Teach me to paint! See? Pretty pictures!"

Shana gestures to her easel, where an image of a rather handsome man rests, a surprisingly mature portrait of Jason Hiro's face with intricate lines interspersed with detailed hair follicles. The more closely Phoebe looks at the painting, the more surprised she becomes by its stunning quality.

"You... you drew that?" Phoebe asks. "You're really gifted, Shana!"

"Yeah! Drew these too!" Shana says proudly, lifting the still-wet painting to reveal previous works hiding underneath it.

Phoebe looks on in ever-increasing surprise as Shana reveals a portrait of Neil Adams, Lorent, and even Phoebe herself. But what most surprises her is that more than a dozen paintings have been devoted to one blonde woman in particular, a woman Phoebe has only seen a few times before.

"Aren't these paintings of Joan of Arc?" Phoebe asks, pointing at the powerful and heroic images of Joan, sometimes drawn in a portrait-style, but more often taken as action-images of her swinging a sword or striking a heroic pose.

"Yeah, yeah!" Shana chirps, visibly excited by Phoebe's praise. "Nice lady likes Joan. I draw Joan. Nice lady keeps coming!"

"Nice lady...?" Phoebe asks, directing a questioning look at Lorent.

"I don't know who she is. Someone named Cammy." Lorent replies with a shrug of his shoulders. "She and her friend Serra come by once in a while to admire our paintings. Shana likes to draw images of Joan of Arc because Cammy enjoys looking at them."

He pauses.

"I must admit, Joan of Arc was a wonderful woman. A powerful Hero. I'd like to have spoken to her at some point. It's unfortunate her blade was destroyed when the Polaris star went supernova. Her remnant soul has been lost to the sands of time."

Even Shana becomes less enthusiastic. "Yeah... Joan of Arc awesome. Wish I meet her too."

"I was able to see her in action when she fought the Archdemon." Phoebe says. "She was... certainly fearsome."

Phoebe sighs, then reaches over to stroke the top of Shana's faintly corporeal head. "Well, I just wanted to drop by and say hello. I'll be engaging in that debate in a couple of hours."

"Mmm. I don't have much interest in watching it, auntie, but I do pray for your success." Lorent says. "I wish only the best for you."

"Thank you, nephew. Your words are all I need." Phoebe says with a smile.

...

Neil Adams paces back and forth in front of a large mirror, looking at himself while motioning with his hands.

"_My fellow Tarusians_! No, that's too broad. Should I say _fellow humans_? That would exclude the monsters. I need to exclude the demons, of course, but the greeting should feel warm and sincere. Perhaps... _my fellow humans and monsters_... hmm, yes, that does sound a bit better. A tad long in the tooth though."

Sitting off to the side, Linda Hurent looks at the man pacing back and forth with a serious expression. "Are you sure this is going to go the way you want, Neil? Phoebe has the heart of the people on her side. Even those who don't like her still respect her, but most of them adore her. She can't know everyone's name like she used to in the past, but she still has a reputation for being warm and approachable. If you attack her, you'll make yourself into a villain."

"Hmph. Warm and approachable..." Neil says mockingly as he looks at himself in the mirror. "We're entering a flashpoint, my dear. What people crave right now is stability. Fortitude. They want a strong leader who can point them in the direction that will benefit them the most. They need someone authoritative to save them from themselves. Someone willing to speak of the filth rotting our society from the inside-out."

"That's all well and good, but I worry this debate is going a step too far." Linda says. "If anything goes wrong, you could turn the hearts of our soldiers away. We need our brave men and women if we're going to keep the demons on the back-foot."

"If there's one thing I'm not worried about, it's losing the hearts of our service-members." Neil says calmly. "I know for sure that Jason does not command the love of the people. He was the first to save them, yes, but he squandered their good will time and time again. Now, most humans only pray he will not bring another catastrophe upon them due to his incompetence. His lack of planning has caused his undoing."

Linda taps her chin. "What about his recent movements? You know, with the crystals? What was he planning when he had all the humans, monsters, and demons scanned with them?"

Neil turns and smiles at her. "It's funny you ask. I've prepared a certain section of my speech on that very matter. It will be _quite_ interesting to discuss."

"Any previews for me?" Linda presses.

"Not even for you. Just sit back and enjoy the surprises." Neil says. "I've worked hard on this speech. It is the ultimate culmination of my plans. I _will_ unite humanity proper. I won't let Jason drag us down any longer. With Hope at my side, we'll break humanity into pieces and rebuild it ten times stronger than before!"

"I certainly hope you succeed." Linda says nervously. "Diablo has been making such terrifying moves, lately. He has everyone on edge."

"Mmm. Diablo..." Neil says, trailing off without adding anything else.

_The Great Debate looms imminently._