Part 355: Karma and Fate

After Jason leaves Benjamin Brown behind, he stops outside the building and casually glances around, looking at all of the people milling about the Human Relocation Zone. With tens of millions of people in one location, it might ordinarily become an absolute clusterfuck, with people scared and afraid and uncertain of where to go. However, thanks to the smooth direction of carefully placed troopers wearing exosuits, most of the refugees don't descend into chaos. Instead, they treat the soldiers like signposts, asking where the bathrooms are, where to obtain food, where to sleep, and so on.

As Jason watches, families with children repeatedly walk up to troopers scattered about, asking for directions. The men and women of Jason's army politely explain where to go, even offering additional details to ensure no accidents happen along the way.

But Jason doesn't pay much attention to them.

Instead, he dwells on his conversation with Benjamin Brown. He thinks about the words the man uttered, and the hidden implications lurking under the surface.

"That Benjamin..." Jason mutters. He touches his finger, casually intending to rub Gabriel's ring, only to remember he gave it to Uriel. After blanking out for a moment, he sighs.

"Shana. What did you think about Benjamin Brown?"

The little girl, still sitting on his shoulders while flopped over top of his head, shrugs casually.

[Don't know. He not good.]

"Oh?" Jason asks. "You didn't like him?"

[No. He bad man.]

The Wordsmith purses his lips. "He lived in the Slithering Spire. He knew Beelzebub personally. I doubt he had something to do with Daisy's death... but in my heart, I can't trust him easily. Plus, there were those _tidbits_ he knew. He seems to be awfully well-acquainted with Ose. I can't just let him waltz into my command structure."

Despite his strong words, Jason sighs. "Haah... but then again, without Neil around, Phoebe has to do all the heavy lifting. I can't keep foisting all the work onto my gal. I'm not much of a tactician, though... I really need a second opinion. Raphael's advice would likely prove bloodthirsty beyond all reason, and Neil isn't around anymore. What to do... what to do... should I invite Ben into the fold?"

The Wordsmith chews his lip.

"So many things could go wrong. He's a cyborg. What if he has some advanced hacking implants? What if he's strong enough to overpower my commandos? He could rush over and hurt, capture, or even kill Phoebe before anyone could stop him. That's not a risk I can afford to take."

Jason glances to the west, in the vague, general direction of the Warpgate.

"...Maybe I could talk to Marie, again. She knows about Vanguards. But do I trust that woman? That robot-husk of a human? Not particularly. The last time we saw each other, I 'borrowed' some artifacts and ran away, leaving her in the lurch. Still, a genius like her, she could absolutely find a way to travel to Tarus II, or send one of her goons, yet she hasn't. What are her actions telling me?"

Frustrated, Jason teleports himself atop a nearby rooftop, gaining a bird's eye view of the compound. He absentmindedly allows his eyes to wander while he continues thinking out loud.

"The Power Gloves aren't ready. If the demons attack, I'll have to fight them myself. What measures can I take to protect everyone before they get here? Visiting Marie can come _after_ I make the demons piss themselves in fear."

As Jason continues to muse, his eyes randomly notice an anomaly in the crowd. While thousands of people walk about below him, one figure stands, unmoving, looking directly up at Jason with his hands folded behind his back. This single unmoving person catches the Wordsmith's attention, making him pause his thoughts to look more closely.

"What the heck? Makoto Ueda?!"

Jason blinks his eyes several times to make sure he isn't hallucinating. A huge smile spreads across his face.

"Makoto! It's really him! Holy shit, and here I thought he might have died!"

The Wordsmith teleports to the ground, just a few feet in front of Makoto.

"Hey! Where have you been?" Jason asks. "I was worried a demon might have assassinated you or something!"

Makoto politely smiles at the Wordsmith, his eyes curving into crescent moons.

"Jason. It is good to see you. And Shana, as well. Such a cute child."

Jason continues smiling, but a flicker of confusion passes across his eyes.

"Eh? You know Shana? I don't remember introducing you to her."

"Haha. Such a sweet young girl. Of course I know her name." Makoto says nonchalantly. "Come, come. Let us go and have a seat, Jason. I've been wanting to talk to you for a while."

Jason nods, but the more 'Makoto' talks, the more alien he sounds.

_Since when did Makoto stop calling me 'Jason-san'?_ The Wordsmith wonders.

A moment later, a second realization hits him.

_I couldn't locate Makoto previously, but now he suddenly appears before me. Isn't this a little too... coincidental? And he's acting so differently. Could he be..._

An instant later, Jason jumps back from Makoto and holds out his hand.

"**Conjure.**" The Wordsmith says, summoning a rifle from a storage somewhere on Tarus II, a predetermined location he made explicitly for this purpose. "You're not Makoto. You're a Changeling!"

Makoto continues to smile, ignoring the weapon aimed at his chest. All around him, several troopers take notice of Jason's movements and draw their own guns, converging on the Hero's location.

"Haha. Indeed, I am not Makoto Ueda." The man says. "But neither am I not _not_ Makoto Ueda. You have good eyes, Wordsmith. Fortunately, I am not a Volgrim Changeling either. You have misunderstood my identity."

"Who the fuck are you, then?" Jason asks, his tone turning menacing. "Speak!"

Ten soldiers in T-REX's surround Makoto, while others quickly pull the civilians away to clear the vicinity. Even with a dozen guns aimed at him from all directions, Makoto continues to smile, unmoved.

"Who am I? That is a difficult question to answer. The answer itself is simple, but the reason and methods, not so much."

Makoto pauses to open his eyes and glance at Shana.

"Why not ask the little girl? She knows. Shana's spiritual senses are much more attuned than yours, Wordsmith."

Shana sighs. [Is good man. Not bad.]

Jason frowns. "You like to speak in riddles. That's cute, but it won't stop me from throwing you in a jail cell and torturing the answer out of you. Say the truth, imposter!"

Makoto's smile fades away.

"Very well. You are not much fun, not like Arthur was, or little Joan. I will say my name, but it will be up to you to believe me."

He presses his palm against his chest.

"My name is Siddhartha Gautama. I have reincarnated into Makoto Ueda's body through a fortunate coincidence. A stroke of fate, if you will. But most foreigners find my full name to be 'clunky.' You may call me 'Buddha.'"

Jason stares at the man before him with a look of growing confusion.

"Huh? Reincarnated? Buddha? What are you even..."

"Come now." Buddha says, chuckling lightly. "In all your years speaking to Solomon, did he never once mention me? We were acquaintances, after all."

Jason shakes his head.

"He never mentioned you, no."

Buddha's expression freezes.

"What, _seriously?_ That unfilial little brat! Hmph. Some seeker of knowledge indeed. Doesn't even think to mention the man who trained him in hand-to-hand combat... grumble grumble..."

Jason glances upward in Shana's general direction.

"Uh. Is he...?"

Shana nods. [Good man. Tells truth.]

The Wordsmith's expression droops.

"You're kidding."

...

Not long afterward, once Buddha has cleared up the misunderstanding, he and Jason take a seat at a bench-table Jason summons atop a nearby rooftop, for privacy. Siddhartha Gautama sips tea from a China cup, one Jason also summoned through a Word of Power, while meeting the Wordsmith's gaze.

"You have many questions." Buddha observes. "I will answer them."

"You're, like, actually Buddha?" Jason asks. "As in, _Buddha_, Buddha? From Chinese mythology?"

"Hmph. Ignorant American." Buddha grumbles. "Why do people from that continent always get my origins wrong? I am Indian. That was my first birthplace."

"Oops. Sorry. I don't really know much about... you." Jason mumbles in embarrassment. "I didn't even know Buddha was a Hero. You were, I mean. I didn't know you were a Hero."

"Many noteworthy historical figures were Heroes." Buddha says, while calmly sipping his tea. "I am not all that impressive."

"But you're sitting right here, before me, _alive._" Jason says. "Are you immortal?"

"No. It is due to my last remaining Heroic Aspect." Buddha says. "When I first walked the Earth, I possessed many powers, some direct, and others more spiritual in nature. Of those, the most nebulous was my ability to 'Fateweave,' or to change the course of Karma. Upon my death, my soul did not transfer to an artifact, like Solomon's did, but instead, I reincarnated into a new body and lived a second life. This was my process of reincarnation."

Buddha spends several minutes talking to Jason, telling him about a few of the lives he's lived. The more he explains, the better Jason gets a grasp on his powers.

"That's incredible! So you've met all sorts of Heroes throughout history?"

"Hoho." Buddha chuckles. "Met them all, I have. Every last one. Yes, even cute little Shana here. Sometimes, I spoke to them at length. Sometimes, I only exchanged a few words. But in the end, I made it my mission to meet each Hero, to guide and influence them."

Buddha's expression flickers.

"Of course... there was one Hero I met. There was that... that _one_ man. Tsk. I never should have tried to 'fix' him. That was a terrible mistake. I still have not forgiven myself for such a blunder."

Jason cocks his head. "Who?"

"Oh, I think I need not speak his name." Buddha says, his expression turning ugly. "If you have spoken to Raphael, you already know it."

The Wordsmith falls silent. He ruminates for twenty long seconds before his own expression turns grim.

"Don't tell me... Dracula?"

"Indeed. Alucard himself." Buddha mutters. "I saw in his Karma a great deviation approaching. I wished to ensure he would walk on the path of righteousness. Instead, I inadvertently pushed him to become a monster. A Dark Hero. He was one of my greatest shames."

Buddha leans back and shakes his head.

"Let us not speak of the Vampire King any longer. That bastard singlehandedly built the Hell of Blood. Were it not for him, there would have only been Six Hells. Who knows how the war might have ended?"

Jason nods. "Fair enough. I have a more pressing question, actually. Um... regarding Makoto... is he... is he _dead_?"

"Ah. Your friend, Makoto." Buddha says, returning to a calm and collected mental state. "I can see why my situation would confuse you. No. Makoto is not dead. He and I have become 'one.' Our souls have merged through my reincarnation."

"I don't understand." Jason says. "How can your souls 'merge'. You don't sound or act like Makoto at all. You're basically a foreign entity who has taken over his body."

"Many have thought the same as you." Buddha says, smiling gently. "But, my power of reincarnation is not a controlled ability. Rather, it seeks out those who lack attachments. Those lacking friends, families, desires... those who have little to gain, and nothing to lose. I possess their bodies, and we become 'one.' In this way, I am not One, but Many. I am the combination of hundreds of people who once Were, and who someday will Be."

"Take, for example, the first body I ever reincarnated into." Buddha continues explaining. "Little Ishmael, a young boy, crippled and sick. An orphan. Someone with no living family. He was dying, mentally, and so, Karma found him to be a fit vessel for my purposes. Even so, Ishmael did have one attachment, the village girl who healed him and cared for the sick. I, thusly, inherited his attachments."

Buddha falls silent. His expression dims as he reminisces on those memories.

"Sigh... Tamael..."

Jason blinks. "Tamael?"

Siddhartha Gautama does not immediately answer. Instead, his eyes become unfocused as a familiar pain swells in his chest. It takes him a minute to stabilize his emotions and return to his senses.

"Ah. Yes... Tamael. My first, and only, love. She is dead, now. She has passed onto the Great Beyond."

Jason swallows heavily. "...Oh. I'm sorry to hear that. I didn't know."

"You have lost someone precious to you, as well." Buddha says, glancing at Jason with a knowing glint in his eye. "Your child, Daisy. Like my Tamael, nothing remains of her here."

"What are you saying?" Jason asks, frowning. "You don't know that. As we speak, Fiona is searching for Daisy's soul. She should have ended up inside the Lazarus Tower, or perhaps even inside one of Mephisto's undead monsters. But she definitely isn't dead! She can't be!"

Buddha eyes the young man for a bit before averting his gaze.

"Denial. Yes. I once denied reality, too. But you know, Jason... _the truth will set you free._ Someday, when you realize the 'truth' of the matter, the pain will disappear. In one regard, you are much luckier than me, for no matter what I wish, I will never again see Tamael."

Dismayed by Buddha's words, Jason can only click his tongue and sigh.

"My Daisy isn't dead. She can't be..."

Some time passes. The two men continue their conversation, and gradually, the topic shifts.

"I don't know whether to trust him." Jason says. "Benjamin Brown has lived among demons, specifically their leaders. He claims to hate demons, and he says he's killed many of them, but I don't feel much sincerity in his gaze."

"That man has lived a troubled life." Buddha says. "He fought and bled for humanity, but in the end, his efforts came to naught. After everything he gave up, he became embittered. Do you think such a person can be corrupted easily? I don't. I believe all humans have an innate nature, one which they will always fall back on, if given time."

He gestures toward the Wordsmith.

"Take yourself, for instance. You have hardened your heart as a result of the events of Stormbringer. You hate the demons. You want to rip them apart. Even so, your innate nature is one of trusting others and giving them second chances. Can you really become a bloodthirsty monster? Can you really slaughter your enemies wantonly?"

Jason chews his lip. "Hope can. He did. And he's a copy of myself."

"Hahaha!" Buddha laughs. "Yes, you think your clone is a murderous person with blood staining his palms, but just because you think such thoughts, does that make them real? From my perspective, Hope is merely a lost and confused boy. He is frustrated. He is alone. You cast him aside, and in response, he tried to forcibly change his nature to meet the troubles he faced. But he is not so different from you. Neither of you are ruthless, and in the same way, neither is Benjamin Brown. He is a soldier. He follows orders. And when he realized there was nothing he could do to change his fate, he quietly accepted it."

Buddha pauses.

"In a way, Benjamin is like a dog who has been beaten into submission by the vicissitudes of life. What you seek is a strategic leader, but even if that is what you want, that is not who he is. He is a follower, not a leader. He is someone who accepts his fate, not someone who changes it. He is unsuitable to add to your command structure for this reason."

Jason's eyes brighten. "I see. I hadn't thought about him in that way."

"Benjamin Brown is far from trustworthy." Buddha continues. "But who knows? Perhaps, in a roundabout way, you might find him to be useful, in a manner of speaking. His daughter, for instance."

"Huh?" Jason grunts, shooting a skeptical glance at Siddhartha Gautama. "Lily? You think she'll be useful?"

"In a manner of speaking." Buddha repeats, keeping his words cryptic. "Lily is not like her father. She is also his weakness. He cares deeply for her. He cares for all of his children, but especially her, as she was the last daughter given to him by the woman he loved. Unfortunately, that woman has passed on to the Great Beyond. She cannot be resurrected through Mephisto's magic, nor your Lazarus Tower."

"That's too bad." Jason mutters. "Losing loved ones is never fun."

After a slight pause, he looks at Buddha suspiciously.

"Say... how do you know all this stuff, anyway? I thought you only just reincarnated and you don't even possess your Heroic Aspects anymore."

"I have lived many lives." Buddha answers. "I possess deep insight into the nature of existence. Also, I spoke to a demon friend of mine, not long ago. He told me all sorts of fun tidbits!"

"A demon friend?" Jason asks.

"Indeed. You might even be familiar with him, haha!" Buddha laughs. "But for now, why don't we keep his name a surprise? He won't cause you any problems. He is only a confused child who has yet to find his way. And he is not the only one."

Buddha raps his fingers on the table.

"_Blood Reaper._"

"Hmm? You know about Cassiel, too?" Jason asks, bewildered.

"The Child of Light. Yes. I have met her on many occasions, wearing many different faces." Buddha answers. "She is a kind girl, but she is also filled with hatred. More so now than before the Energy Wars, mind you. Now, her attachments have become like tar, adhering to her and holding her back from recovery. What a pitiful child, she is."

"Do you know her real name?" The Wordsmith asks, pressing Buddha for more information.

"I do. I know plenty about that sweet summer child. Ah, but if she will not tell you, than neither should I. What a sad life she has lived, dying at such a young age and leaving her family behind, only to become a mighty Lazarite, fighting for the Archangels. A sad end, a great rise, and a terrible fall. Her Karma is twisted. None can say whether she will remain at the bottom, wallowing in misery, or whether she will someday spread her wings and soar past the reach of the Heavens. Not even I would dare make such a guess."

Jason groans. He rubs his forehead as a migraine assaults his brain.

"...Yeah, there's definitely still some Makoto in you. You and him both speak in riddles. It's exhausting."

"What can I say?" Buddha asks, finishing off the tea in his cup. "Birds of a feather flock together."

At some point, Jason stands up and prepares to leave.

"Since you're a Hero and all, I'll make sure you can go wherever you need." Jason tells Buddha. "If you really do know Cassiel, maybe you could try talking to her? She could use some cheering up."

Buddha smiles. "The time is not yet right. My words might offer her some comfort, but comfort is not what that child needs."

"What _does_ she need, then?" Jason asks.

"Time. Space. Motivation." Buddha answers. "Her heart is like a black hole. All the misery she has ever felt, the loss of those around her, the pain suffered by the angels... she has swallowed it up over the years and let it consume her. Until she resolves this hopelessness, she will never free herself and spread her wings. My words will only lead to a deleterious effect."

"Alright. If you say so. Feel free to pay her a visit if you change your mind, then. I'll keep in touch." Jason says, before uttering a Word of Power to travel back to the Fortress of Retribution.

Unspoken by Buddha, however, are a few implications that the Wordsmith could never possibly imagine.

_Should the Daughter of Heaven ever cast aside her shackles... should the last angel ever free herself of her earthly burdens, she will become an unstoppable force, one that will shake the whole galaxy._

But of course, those words will not necessarily come to pass.

After all...

Who knows what the future holds?

Buddha chuckles.

"Hehe. Certainly not I. And Karma is so, so _difficult_ to unravel."