Part 614: Bubble Worlds

Beelzebub flies around inside the massive void comprising the Cube's internal world. Having lost his Cosmic power, he is unable to traverse stellar distances efficiently, but the Phoenix conjures a miniature incarnation to attach to his back and speed up his travels. Additionally, the inside of the Cube is oxygen-rich even outside the bubble-worlds made by Jason Hiro, so Beelzebub has no trouble breathing.

The Overlord of Fission speeds from bubble world to bubble world, chatting with the Phoenix all the while.

"So each bubble world has a different 'focus'?" Beelzebub asks.

[They do.] The Phoenix answers. [Jason wants to ensure that there are a large variety of pleasant biomes, but also harsh ones for people who enjoy that sort of thing. Also, since these bubble worlds were originally intended to be used for military training, there are 'Deathworlds' designed for maximum danger. It is more than possible for humans who enter to die due to freezing cold, scorching heat, deadly insects, and other hostile creatures. They are only intended for short-term military training, and thus there are not too many of them.]

"We have 100,000 humans inside the Cube." Beelzebub says. "How much room do we have for further population increases? Are they going to run out of space?"

[They would have.] The Phoenix replies. [But that was before my Ascension. Now, the Cube is no longer in danger of running out of energy. My Cosmic Reserves are more than enough to build additional worlds capable of housing a billion humans or more. That is _also_ before we factor in the modifications Jason Hiro has made for the humans themselves to supply power to the Cube.]

"What sorts of modifications?"

[Jason adjusted the Cube so Faith Energy could empower it. He originally intended for the humans across the cosmos to power the Cube from anywhere they reside, but those inside the Cube are the most energy-efficient, since interstellar distances decrease Faith's yield.]

The Phoenix continues. [Thus, the humans here will empower the Cube in a near-infinite positive cycle. The more humans there are, the more Faith Energy they will provide, thus granting me the power to expand the Cube's bubble worlds and house more of them. At that point, in the unknown future, we will have to worry more about the Cube's physical space limitations. I estimate that if I were to efficiently maximize all the available space, the Cube could easily house one or more trillions of humans at once.]

"Trillions..." Beelzebub muttered. "The Cube in many ways reminds me of the Labyrinth."

[Tell me more about this 'Labyrinth.'] The Phoenix requests.

"The Labyrinth houses the vast majority of demons that currently exist." Beelzebub obliges. "I don't know how many of my people there are, but there are certainly trillions of them, plus many more living on various worlds across the Milky Way. Hell slowly expands over time based on how many demons are inside, as well as monsters and other life forms. Traveling from one corner to another is an arduous journey even for a Demon Emperor. Most low-level demons and monsters stay within their own zones or shuttle around using the power of Warper demons."

[Most intriguing. Much has changed since my consciousness was last fully aware of the happenings inside the Milky Way.] The Phoenix says, accepting his explanation without prejudice. [There is still so much for me to learn. Tell me, what of the angels? Do any still remain among the living?]

Beelzebub continues to fly toward the nearest bubble-world, but his movement slows a little at this question.

"I'm afraid not. During the Kolvaxian invasion on Maiura, Archangel Uriel was the last of her species still among the living. The Plague took her, along with the souls of her brothers. Now, there are no angels left in the galaxy. They're... extinct."

[Including my Creator, Camael?] The Phoenix asks.

"I don't know when Camael died, but I believe it was at some point during the Energy Wars, 100,000 years ago." Beelzebub answers. "I'm sorry."

The Phoenix seems to mentally shrug. [I am a creature of rebirth. The end of life is a normal part of existence. Tell me more about these 'Kolvaxians'. What manner of creatures are they?]

"I don't know a lot about them. Nobody does." Beelzebub replies. "They're alien life forms. Faceless abominations. They appeared about 90,000 years ago, some time after the end of the Energy Wars. They can travel underground quickly, and often appear on planets as singular entities before grabbing other living creatures, pulling them underground, then returning with those creatures having been turned into Kolvaxians. They swallow and devour other life-forms, assimilating them into their ranks. And right now, they're winning the war for the Milky Way."

[Hmm... and you say they are considered a Plague?] The Phoenix asks.

"That's how the Volgrim refer to them." Beelzebub affirms with a nod of his head. "The Kolvaxians are a plague that devours worlds, turning them into Hives filled with millions or even billions more Plaguehosts. Recently, they devoured the body of one of Jason's creations, an entity named after King Arthur, called Artoria. When they did that, their bodies became extremely powerful. Every individual Plaguehost now possesses a body as durable as a Middle Cosmic."

[Best Friend, would you mind sharing your mental images of these Kolvaxians with me?] The Phoenix requests politely.

"I can _do_ that?" Beelzebub asks.

[Naturally. We are still connected on a spiritual level, after all.]

"Oh. Well, I'd be happy to. How should we go about it?"

After following some instructions on how to alter his psyche, Beelzebub transmits a large amount of mental imagery to the Phoenix, and she falls silent for a short time.

[...This 'Plague' is fascinating.] The Phoenix eventually says. [And terrifying. What an impressive species. Extremely formidable, able to adapt the bodies of assimilated hosts into empowerments for the species as a whole. I daresay they are nearly a perfect life-form.]

Beelzebub sneers. "Perfect? They have no free will. All things absorbed by the Plague become mindless monsters. They're human-shaped ants."

[Perhaps. But that does not make their biology any less impressive.] The Phoenix says. [Ah, we have nearly reached the first bubble world.]

She gestures with her wing toward a bright-blue 'planet' smaller than Earth's moon, Luna. Beelzebub raises an eyebrow when he observes just how tiny the little world is.

He adjusts course, and within a minute, he arrives near its upper atmosphere. It barely takes him seconds to drop through the thick cloud cover and land on the ground below.

He finds himself on a coastline where waves artificially splash against the shore, despite the fact that this false planet has no moon to cause such tides. When Beelzebub looks up, he realizes that the sky above him is completely false. He cannot see the Cube's inner world at all, only a magical mirage that hides the true nature of reality outside this bubble world.

Sensing his thoughts, the Phoenix explains. [Jason wants these worlds to feel as real as Earth itself. Thus, each planet has multiple enchantments placed upon them to simulate all the expected features of planets with nearby stars, moons, and other such things. This particular world is known as Antiqua, and is a water-world with only 40% of its space available to settle on. Its oceans are deeper than you might expect, extending a few thousand meters downward, with a rich variety of life-forms living in the aquatic depths. It is ideal for sea-loving humans to settle upon.]

When Beelzebub looks elsewhere in the sky, he spots a false sun shining down, informing him that the world even has a simulated day and night system in place.

"Jason really thought of everything, huh?"

[Not quite. I have noticed multiple minor issues, but I will work out those problems over time.] The Phoenix says.

Beelzebub starts walking toward the shoreline, where multiple trees sit with delicious-looking fruits hanging down from low-hanging branches. These trees have small but sharp spikes sticking out of their trunks, making climbing them an act of suicide. Anyone who tries will likely have their hands shredded and will bleed out and die before long.

"Say, Phoenix? It just occurred to me." Beelzebub says, as he walks into the forest, taking care not to cut himself on the spike-trees. "You're a Middle Cosmic now. Does that mean you can fight in my stead?"

[Unfortunately, I cannot, Best Friend.] The Phoenix replies. [My existence is presently tied to the Cube. I am unable to travel far without rapidly losing my energy. Additionally, I am not a combat-focused artifact. I excel at rebirth and flame manipulation of the 'life' type. I can create things easily, but destruction is outside my purview.]

"Then why was I, under your power, so strong?" Beelzebub presses further.

[Because you are a different sort of flame manipulator.] The Phoenix explains. [You are destructive and violent. In a hostile universe, this is not a bad thing. It means you are able to do things with your Cosmic power that I cannot.]

Beelzebub pauses his walking to tap his lower lip. "Could you infuse your power into me to empower me back to a Cosmic level? You know, in case the Volgrim return?"

[I could, but I would revert to my embarrassing, weaker self.] The Phoenix replies. [It would also adversely affect the Cube's operations. My lesser self was unable to properly manage the constructs within the Cube. If need be, I would prefer to use the Sentry Stars as our primary defensive weapons in the event of an enemy incursion.]

She pauses.

[You have nothing to worry about, Best Friend. In time, I have full faith you will regain your Cosmic power. This Cube is not weak at all. It was constructed by Archangel Camael near the peak of her ancient power, in absolute secrecy. Even Archangel Raphael was unaware of its existence. It is extremely sturdy and can easily resist the attacks of Middle and High Cosmics. Only Apex Cosmics pose it a real threat once I seal its entrance. Even they would need time to burrow inside and slaughter the humans within.]

"So there's no threat of a Plague incursion?" Beelzebub asks.

[Not unless someone grants a Plaguehost entry.] The Phoenix answers. [I pray nobody would be that foolish.]

Beelzebub nods. He continues walking, and before long, the tree cover parts to reveal several wooden houses with straw roofs built to insulate against the midday heat. Naturally, Antiqua is a planet controlled by the Phoenix and designed to be extremely moderate. It never faces extreme weather changes, hurricanes, or other such things, so raising families is quite easy here.

Beelzebub steps into the village and pauses to watch from afar. A group of children play in the dirt road some distance away, perhaps ten of them. The village itself appears rather primitive, but Beelzebub spots many signs of modern humanity lingering around the edges, such as the digital devices carried by some of the men and women walking around. Most importantly, Beelzebub notices additional signs of a recent surge of human population, due to the Phoenix rapidly teleporting humans from Tarus II to the various bubble worlds in a haste. Some of the houses appear brand new, and many are still being built at that very moment. Beelzebub also observes carpenters and architects hurriedly whipping up new homes for the unexpected migrants. Based on information from the Phoenix, this world only has a population of a thousand or so humans.

While the children play, the parents look extremely grim. They do not appear happy, and that is likely because they know at least some of the events that have played out in realspace.

Suddenly, one of the children cries out in alarm. Beelzebub turns to see a little girl pointing at him, her eyes wide with surprise. Not quite fear, but uncertainty, as she catches sight of the red-skinned visitor.

Seeing her reaction, several of the adults nearby turn to look at Beelzebub. They frown, then relax once they identify him.

"Beelzebub!" A man says, hurrying over. "You were teleported here too? What's the situation on Tarus II? Have you heard anything?"

Beelzebub looks at the man, but doesn't recognize him. This isn't surprising, since Beelzebub's face is extremely well known, while he comparatively knows almost none of the humans.

"You haven't heard?" Beelzebub asks, frowning slightly.

"Nothing. Nothing at all." The man says, his voice anxious. "When I was teleported, I expected to see my wife and son, but they never arrived. I'm going crazy waiting for news!"

Beelzebub's frown deepens. He looks around, observing several other men and women looking at him, waiting for answers.

[I have not told anyone that Tarus II was destroyed.] The Phoenix says, secretly transmitting her thoughts only to Beelzebub. [My lesser self lacked awareness of what happened, and now that I've ascended, I determined it would not be appropriate for me to do so. You are a better-known face with more credibility among these mortals. You should be the one to deliver the news.]

Beelzebub's frown grows even uglier upon hearing the Phoenix's words, but he doesn't address them out loud.

Still, his expression, and the long pause before replying causes many people's hearts to tighten.

"I'm... sorry." Beelzebub says slowly. "I don't know what happened to your wife and son. But I do know... Tarus II is gone. The Volgrim destroyed it."

"What? No! NO!" The man exclaims, his pupils shrinking to pinpricks. The strength leaves his legs, and he sags to his knees while grabbing onto Beelzebub's shirt. "Please, say it isn't so! Is my family dead? Did they get transferred somewhere else?! The portal network is down! We've lost contact with the other Realms!"

Beelzebub looks around in confusion. "Portal Network? Realms?"

"You must have just arrived." Another man says, his expression not quite as anxious as the first. "I am the leader of this village. Come with me."

Beelzebub follows him, and before long the small gathering of humans leads Beelzebub to a pylon with a magical blue crystal in its center sitting in the middle of the village.

"This device connects different Realms together." The village leader explains. "Last I heard, there were several hundred. By activating its magical matrices, we can walk between Realms to visit our fellow humans. Unfortunately, our Portal Node stopped functioning. Nobody here knows how to repair it."

Beelzebub nods. He walks over to it, and the Phoenix communicates with him in secret.

[To prevent the spread of panic, I temporarily disabled all the Portal Nodes. I can enable them again, if you'd like.]

Beelzebub nods, and the Phoenix proceeds to tap into the Portal Node, reactivating it once more.

"A-amazing! Emperor Beelzebub, you are truly impressive!" The village leader says, upon seeing the pylon activate.

"Please wait some time before traveling around." Beelzebub says. "I need to inform the rest of the humans about what has happened. Focus on building your village. Expect the newest arrivals to become... permanent."

The village leader's eyes lose some of their luster. He nods dimly and watches as Beelzebub summons a portal to a different bubble world, then passes through, allowing the portal to close behind him.

On this new world, a desert planet with multiple oases around, Beelzebub informs the people there of Tarus II's demise. Then, he travels to another world, and another, and another.

He becomes faster and more efficient, especially after learning that many Realms have members of Jepthath's Legion on them, and those members have already spread news of Tarus II's fall. He starts intentionally targeting worlds that no Legionnaires have been to, which saves him even more time.

When he arrives on one ordinary-looking world, a familiar face rushes over to meet him.

"Beelzebub! It's you!"

Beelzebub smiles. "Emperor Kiari. Are you well? I didn't expect to see you here."

"I'm not well!" Kiari exclaims, wringing her hands together. "Saul! Have you seen Saul? I can't find him, and it's been hours since I arrived here!"

"Saul..." Beelzebub says, his expression darkening. "Jason designated multiple high-value targets for extraction. You were one of them. Saul wasn't?"

"I... I don't know..." Kiari whispers, her face fraught with anxiety. "He was only an ordinary human... b-but he was Solomon's nephew! That has to count for something! Maybe Hope's Hall of Heroes picked him up?"

"Yeah. Maybe." Beelzebub says, glancing around. "Phoenix, can you find Saul on any of the bubble worlds?"

The Phoenix responds, this time projecting her words to Beelzebub and Kiari both.

[I am not familiar with this 'Saul'. If he is a mundane human, he will not have a mana signature I can trace. Let me analyze your memory of him, Beelzebub. I will see if I can locate him based on males of similar builds and appearances.]

Beelzebub nods. He transmits several memories of Saul to the ancient bird, and she in turn scans all the different worlds to look for the missing man.

Kiari glances at the miniature flaming bird attached to Beelzebub's back. "And she is...?"

"The Phoenix. She controls the bubble worlds." Beelzebub explains. "She's extremely powerful. She'll definitely find Saul if he's here."

"If he's here..." Kiari mumbles, trying not to act overly anxious.

Minutes later, the Phoenix speaks up. [I have identified twenty-four human males of similar builds and skin colors. Forgive me, but these mortals all look alike. Perhaps one of them is this 'Saul' you are looking for.]

She summons a phantasmal image of a man standing half a head taller than Kiari. The Emperor of Pestilence shakes her head. "No... not him."

Then, the Phoenix summons a different man. "Not him either."

"No, not him..."

"Close, but not quite."

"No."

"No..."

Kiari's voice starts to tremble. By the twentieth failure, her body also starts shaking.

Once all twenty-four men have come up negative, the Phoenix sighs.

[I was unable to identify any further males matching the description you gave me. I apologize. He is not inside the bubble worlds.]

"No!" Kiari cries, nearly fainting. "He can't be dead... can't be..."

"Don't give up just yet!" Beelzebub exclaims, quickly squeezing her shoulder as she sags against him. "There's still the Hall of Heroes, and also Chrona. Saul might be there. I refuse to believe Solomon would allow his nephew to die. Even if Hope died, Solomon would make sure to save Saul."

Kiari nods numbly, her movements lacking energy. Beelzebub helps her stand, and she touches her barely-visible pregnant belly.

"Beelzebub... you have to find him... he's my everything..."

"I will. Saul is a good friend." Beelzebub promises. "You just need to remain strong and keep hopeful. It won't do the baby any good for you to fall into a depression- and besides! He could also be in the Labyrinth! We have lots of places to search. So, chin up, woman!"

That seems to do the trick. Kiari regains some of her strength and pulls away from Beelzebub, smiling weakly at him.

"Th-thank you for... taking care of me. I'm sorry I'm so useless."

"Useless? Hardly. You did more positive things for humanity than I ever have." Beelzebub says, waving off her words. "Say, why don't you come along with me to the other bubble worlds? As soon as I can contact the other dimension hubs, I'll give you the good news."

"Okay. Thank you. I'd like that." Kiari says, her face brightening up a little bit.

Meanwhile, Beelzebub resumes his mission; to seek out all the different Cube Realms and inform the remnant humans of the fate that has befallen their species.

Only time will tell if his mission bears fruit...