Part 366: Organizational Directives (Part 2)

After Hope leaves the room, the remaining members of humanity's leadership fall silent for a short period before continuing with their previous discussion. For his part, Jason wonders what Hope is up to, but he also has so much on his mind that he can't pay Hope's actions too much thought.

"We're going to start ramping up production of all sorts of services quickly." Jason begins. "First, we have to catch up on housing for all our people, including the humans, monsters, and demons. Once we've caught up and built plenty of extra, we'll start reviving our fallen friends and family through the Lazarus Tower. After that, we'll switch to full time military drills and training. Corporal Hurent, Professor Wagner, tell me how things are going on your end."

As the Power Glove Administrator, Corporal Hurent finds herself placed in the center of the next big revolution in human society. Not only will these futuristic gadgets increase humanity's wartime potential by a ludicrous level, but they will also allow for a significant improvement in inter-species communication, as members of any species will be able to transform into other species at will.

Linda Hurent sits up in her chair. "Reporting, sir. We've already completed nearly 100,000 standard-issue Power Gloves for our army. Professor Wagner is still adding biological scans to the Centurion Database over time, but we've lagged behind in pair-matching DNA sequences to suitable candidates. Myself for instance, it seems I don't match up well with Troll and Orc DNA."

Hans Wagner slightly raises his hand. "Indeed! But we could make up zee difference if we had a few hundred technically inclined volunteers! Zere is simply too much data for my small team to sift through, so if anyone here knows any smart, strapping young minds, we will put zem to good use!"

Jason remains silent, allowing Phoebe to speak up. "I can think of about twenty or so relatively qualified people for the task. I'll pass your requests on to them."

"Twenty is barely zee minimum we need..." Hans grumbles. "But... I suppose for now, it is good enough."

"I worked with Miss Blinker on creating a few Training Arrays," Corporal Hurent adds. "We can place a few of our people inside these arrays, locking them in a small dimensional space where others will not be able to spy on their progress and easily uncover the secrets of the Power Glove's inner workings. Additionally, if they unleash any crazy, devastating attacks, it won't hurt the planet. We can relegate the leftover energy to the vacuum of space."

Jason smiles. "I'm glad to hear we're on track for our targets, so far. Miss Brunhilda, once we start putting our soldiers through detailed training measures, I'll expect you to handle duty assignments and manage those who are most in need of learning how the Power Gloves work. As one of the most magically-attuned humans here, I expect you to start training with the Power Gloves early. Have you already paid a visit to a Body Booster?"

Brunhilda nods. "I have, Wordsmith. I received a boost from the Emperor of the Void. Yardrat's bodily strength was not particularly noteworthy. He only brought me to about half of my 'bodily limit.' I will need to find another relatively weak Emperor to bring me the rest of the way."

Belial pipes up. "Do be careful about that, Miss Brunhilda. I've had too many overly eager people showing up at the hospital with overloaded bodies. If you go past your limits, even by just a percent or two, you will suffer worse than you can imagine."

"Pain means my body is growing stronger." Brunhilda simply replies, closing her eyes and paying Belial's warning no mind. "I seek the apex of combat potential. I will stop at nothing to reach it."

"Let's talk about the Volgrim." Jason says, casually changing the subject. "Sangin Kordonis has been pestering me a couple of times every day, hinting that the Volgrim Founders wish to meet with me. Once Tarus II reaches a certain level of stability, I'll have to leave for a while to visit them. Currently, we are allied with the Volgrim, but make no mistake. They are opportunistic, and so are we. If the Volgrim had a choice, they would exterminate our future potential without batting an eye. We are as much their ally as their enemy. They will not feel comfortable, watching our species rapidly grow stronger while theirs weakens."

Jason pauses to suck in a shallow breath.

"We are not training our military to fight demons, anymore. Instead, we are readying ourselves to join the true War. The War which seems neverending. For 80,000 years now, the Volgrim have battled the Kolvaxians tooth and nail, and they've reached a tipping point where they will soon lose. We must ready our people to join in these battles. Everything we've done is all leading up to fighting a horrifying enemy which can exterminate entire planets in a single day. The Kolvaxians are not an enemy we can afford to take lightly."

"Now, then..." Jason concludes. "Assuming we manage to defeat the Kolvaxians, it is very likely the Volgrim will turn on us. How will we prepare counter-measures to deal with them?"

Immediately, Neil sits up straighter. "We cannot rely on Tarus II as humanity's home-world. Our enemies may not unleash their 'Neutron Bombs' upon us, but then again, perhaps they might. We should spread our population out to different planets. Maiura, for instance."

"All planets share the same weakness." Phoebe says. "They rest at a fixed location, a solar system which has long been mapped out by the Volgrim. I propose we should develop space-living accommodations capable of housing our people and fleeing the galaxy. We know the Volgrim have created half a dozen moon-sized stations capable of traveling at post-relativistic speeds. If we lose the War, they will escape the Milky Way and flee to other galaxies. We should have that option available for ourselves."

"I've already considered that much." Jason answers. "Right now, my number one priority is to make the Cube livable. I've actually been working with Blinker on some... options. We'll have more to say about that in the future."

When Jason mentions the Monster Queen, Neil's eyes light up subtly with recognition.

_These must be the 'special arrangements' Jason mentioned earlier, involving Blinker. Interesting._

"For now," Jason continues, "we have another, more readily available and essential option. Spaceships! We need to start developing warp-capable spacecraft as soon as possible. The Volgrim war fleets possess a billion times the firepower we can make even with all my avenues of power running at full force, so our goal shouldn't be firepower, but resilience. We need ships capable of long-term, if not indefinite survival capabilities even in the darkest depths of space, out past the Milky Way's confines. If the War should come to an end tomorrow and we are the losers, at least some core of our people should be able to escape on spacecraft similar to the Covenant ships from before."

"Zee Covenant fleet is insufficient to meet our needs." Hans Wagner states. "Zey only were intended to last a few years in space, at most. Zey were our last-ditch escape efforts to evade zee demons. Zey are not appropriate for a colony of people to survive indefinitely. We must build new ships from scratch!"

"Phoebe. Fiona. Either of you want to tackle that task?" Jason asks.

"I'm pretty busy right now." Phoebe answers. "But I can try and squeeze in some design work in my free time."

"Don't worry, I can handle it." Fiona says, smiling sweetly. "Most of my efforts right now are being spent helping Jason design Exotic Technology, like the Body Boosters. But that will come to an end soon. Throwing in some casual starship design won't be a problem. We are going to need advanced ship-building facilities on Kelkin, though."

"We'll work that out in due time." Jason answers, casually waving his hand. "Let's see. What other measures should we discuss?"

Yamir, the Minotaur in charge of Food Safety and Distribution, raises his head. "Ahem! It has come to my attention that someone has recently sabotaged a small amount of nutrient supplements our soldiers use during field operations. We are not certain who would do this, but most people suspect the demons are at fault. It has caused a number of minor brawls to break out among our soldiers and some of the mid-ranking demonic newcomers."

Jason frowns. "Food sabotage? Did they poison the nutrients?"

"There was some 'incidental spillage,' yes," Yamir says, calmly enunciating his words through the movements of his hands. "But actually, a warehouse caught fire seemingly out of nowhere. Witnesses reported seeing a pair of small, humanoid figures flee the scene. We weren't sure if they were demon imps or goblins."

"That is strange..." Jason murmurs. "Could the Hidden Emperors be fomenting their people to instigate small amounts of crime? Or... might these be the actions of Changelings?"

Phoebe's eyes flick to Neil for a moment, but any thoughts she might have, she keeps them quiet.

If Neil notices her eye movements, he doesn't say anything about them. "Changelings seem the most likely suspects, but we have no evidence they walk among us. If you and the Monster Queen can come up with a way to detect Changelings, that will assist us in finding the culprits greatly."

Jason nods. "I'll see what I can do. Uncovering the Volgrim's moles should be my number one priority."

Kiari, the newly evolved Duke of Locusts, bashfully raises her hand.

"U-um, if, if you all don't mind..." She says, timidly lowering her hand. "Well, my b-bugs could help out. I can have them... k-keep an eye on the food?"

"We don't really want pests in our supplies." Jason says, smiling kindly at Kiari. "But thank you for your idea. I'll place cameras around the storage warehouses. Right, that reminds me, Kiari. Have your, um, _pets_ been useful in maintaining the fields?"

Kiari flinches as every person at the table turns to look at her. Despite being a relatively pretty demoness with some accomplishments on her belt, she's also a shy girl, unaccustomed to attention from others.

"Well, um, I've been taking care of the p-pests in the fields. I moved them away. My Gardeners can fertilize the soil, so that's been h-helping the crop yields..."

"Good to hear." Jason says, nodding. "While I can certainly produce an infinite amount of food, it's always best if humanity can be self-sufficient without my assistance."

Jason and the other leaders continue talking for quite a while, but eventually, their discussion winds down.

"Alright. You all know our goals." Jason says. "General Chadwick, I'll leave the personnel assignment to you. Please work with Miss Brunhilda to assign the most relevant personnel to Power Glove training. Lieutenant Samuel, the T-REX's are still core to our defensive warfare doctrine. Make sure we have enough for every single citizen, plus a reserve in case of malfunctions." 

After making a few more cursory statements, Jason rises from his seat.

"Alright, enough horsing around. Meeting adjourned. Everyone, I'll see you all again in two weeks."

Jason gets up to leave, along with his physical and spiritual wife. Yamir joins him, as do Belial and Blinker and Kiari.

Similarly, the other half of the table leaves, becoming part of their own little 'clique.'

---

_One hour later._

Corporal Hurent eases into a booth at one of the local restaurants, a place located inside the heart of the Fortress of Retribution, known as the Fiery Hot Wings. This restaurant, while owned by Yamir, is actually managed by a few of his apprentice monsters, including a Harpie, a Goblin, and most surprisingly, an Orc.

That Orc walks over to Corporal Hurent's table, his body decorated in a simple but noble black and white uniform.

"Hello, Corporal." The orc grunts. "What're ya having?"

"Give me a few minutes," She says. "I'm waiting on a friend. I'll take a lemonade in the meantime."

The orc gruffly nods. "Got it."

He walks away, heading toward another table.

Linda Hurent rubs her chest and collarbone, wincing as she struggles to breathe. For a few minutes, she simply sits in place, sipping her lemonade.

Eventually, a large, dark-skinned man walks through the door. Samuel Baker turns to look at her and smiles.

"Hey, there you are, Linda. Sitting off in the corner."

He walks over and plunks down in the booth opposite her, groaning reflexively. "Ugh. Shit, my damn joints have been creaking like crazy ever since I got Boosted by the demon."

Linda nods sympathetically. "I'm sure you heard. I received a Booster from Emperor Gorn. It exceeded my body's limits by more than five percent. I was crying for hours. Thankfully, Samantha managed to leak out some of the energy, dropping me to my bare minimum, but my- cough! My friggin' clavicle feels like it's about to break. Might need to drain some more."

Samuel clicks his tongue. "I warned you! I told you to get a Boost from one of the weaker Emperors, but you insisted on Gorn. Me, personally, I got a Boost from Emperor Kristoff. My body is at about eighty percent saturation. I might get another Boost from a Baron to top off the rest."

As humans, Samuel and Linda can only receive so much power within their bones, marrow, veins, and brain before their bodies explode. Too little, and they won't reach their maximum potential. Too much, and their bodies will buckle and break as their bones fail to regulate the strength coursing through them, causing immense pain and in the worst case, death.

Linda grimaces. "Easy for you to say. I just barely managed to obtain 250 tokens while busting my butt. No way could I waste a good portion of my potential going for a weak Emperor. The sooner I max out my strength, the faster I can obtain even more Merit Tokens!"

"That's easy to say." Samuel retorts. "But if your bones start snapping and popping, you'll be in for a world of hurt."

While they're talking, the orc waiter returns with a pair of menus. They quickly order some random spicy food, then return to their conversation.

"So, are you excited for the housing swap?" Linda probes. "I hear you're currently living in a little hovel off the beaten path. Might be a good chance for you to move closer to the city center."

Samuel snorts. "I have to jog to work every day. That's not a bad thing, Linda. Some of us like getting in a little light exercise before we start our duty shifts."

"Oh, you!" Corporal Hurent snorts. "You must be the bastard who keeps calling me Lazy Linda behind my back! Now everyone's saying it!"

Samuel raises his palms innocently. "Wasn't me. Must have been some other good-looking guy."

"You _ass_!"

Linda and Samuel mockingly tease one another, then dig into their food when it arrives.

"Say," Samuel says, in between bites of some spicy meat, vaguely similar to chicken. "What's a fellow gotta do to get his hands on a Power Glove early?"

"Oh? You're interested in those?" Linda asks. "I thought you'd be repulsed at the thought of turning into another species. Especially a demon."

"All the better to get to know my enemies." Samuel replies. "I haven't had time to take a compatibility test yet, though. Not sure which species I'll be best able to morph into."

"Drop by after we finish here." Linda suggests. "I'll run you through the scanner doohickey."

After a brief pause, Samuel nods. "Alright."

He and Linda finish their food, then pay a full Merit Token, leaving the difference as a tip for their waiter.

Together, they stroll out into the comfortable, well-built new inner city infrastructure. Not far away, they spot the Lazarus Tower, rising into the sky. Its spire-like tip glows with magical energy at the tip, drawing anyone's attention who looks at it.

"Not much longer." Linda mutters. "We'll finally get to see all the people who fell during Stormbringer."

"No." Samuel mutters, his voice turning icy. "Not all of them. Don't forget, the demons devoured many souls to empower themselves right after Stormbringer. Mephisto probably anchored plenty of human souls to undead bodies. We can't recover them."

Linda's expression turns wistful. "Yeah. You're right."

The two of them continue walking. Samuel's expression darkens as he glances around, spotting more than a few Demon Grunts and even a Lord walking around.

"Can't fucking believe this shit." Samuel mutters, keeping his voice low. "We have to just accept these demons as our friends now. One little peace treaty, and that's it? Tell me you ain't just gonna fall in line, Linda. These bastards murdered millions and permanently devoured their souls. Now we have to play pretend friends with 'em, like they ain't never hurt a motherfucker in their lives."

Linda's shoulders sag. "There are good demons, Samuel. Samantha, for example. Plenty of demons fought alongside us, like Kiari..."

"So what if there are a few good ones?" Samuel snaps back. "What are these so-called 'good ones,' one percent of one percent? Every single demon who ain't an imp reached their level by devouring the souls of helpless humans. Hell, they'll even eat other demons, that's how barbaric they are. They've whipped and beaten us, killed us, stomped us into the mud... not one of them is innocent."

Samuel's eyes flick upward, to the moon hovering in the midday sky.

"Demons killed my brother. I'll never forgive them. Once we settle this Kolvaxian War, there will be a reckoning, Linda. Just you wait and see. Many of us aren't content with washing the dirty water under the bridge. I only hope that when the time comes, you'll be on the right side of history."

Linda nods slowly. "I understand. I'll have to think about what I'll do if... if that time comes."

"It's not a matter of 'if,' but 'when.'" Samuel concludes.

He and Linda fall silent as they walk toward a large warehouse on the western edge of the plateau. When they step inside, they're greeted with the smell of freshly hewn wood and metal, as well as the sight of many thousands of crates full of Power Gloves, ready and waiting to be distributed to deserving soldiers.

Shortly after they enter, Linda points at a long line of more than one hundred soldiers stretching outside.

"That's the line to get tested for Power Glove compatibility." She says. "But luckily, I'm here. We'll jump ahead of the others."

"Good." Samuel says with a grunt. "I ain't got time to spare."

Linda leads the Lieutenant over to an alcove built into the wall, with a metal platform and a series of scanning lasers capable of deep penetration into his tissue and bones.

Samuel steps inside, Linda activates the scanners, and the two of them fall silent.

Over the course of the next thirty minutes, dozens of scans take place, mapping out not only the strength of his skin, bones, and organs, but his genome, his temporal displacement ratio, and even his magical affinity and mana load-bearing capability.

Some time later, the scanners deactivate, and Samuel exhales.

"Christ. That took long enough. So what's the verdict?"

As he steps out of the alcove and starts to walk toward Corporal Hurent, her expression changes. A look of disbelief crosses her eyes, followed by a scheming, shit-eating grin.

"Pfft. Pfffft! HAHAHA! Oh, Samuel! Ahahaha! You won't believe this..."

Samuel's smile turns cross. He glowers at Linda, behind her computer. "What is it? Goddammit. Don't tell me... my compatibility is highest with demons?!"

"Oh, that WOULD be pretty ironic!" Linda snorts, trying not to burst into tears laughing. "But no, it's even funnier than that!"

She slowly and deliberately turns the monitor to face Samuel. When he sees the data on the screen, his expression turns downright hideous.

"Dammit! Are you kidding me? Is this some kind of sick joke?!"

"It's not!!" Linda protests, while clutching her stomach. "You have a perfect compatibility rating with... fairy biology! You're gonna be a pretty princess, Samuel! AHAHAHA!!"

Samuel gruffly kicks a nearby crate. "Fuck! This is some bullshit! I thought I'd be compatible with orcs, or trolls, not a goddamn fairy!"

"I can't wait to see you with your cute little pretty-boy wings!" Linda howls with laughter, while Samuel storms away. "Come back, buttercup! Don't you want to try on a Power Glove?! It'll be great!"

As Samuel storms out the door, he fires off two final words.

"...Piss off!"