Part 184: Intertwined Flesh

My breath catches. I pause to stare as Ose pops the button on her blouse and tosses it to the side, revealing her lacy undergarments.

Two seconds later, Ose unbuttons her dress pants and slips out of them, leaving her to stand in only a pair of lacey white panties and a ridiculously tight corset. As she raises her head, a sardonic smile crosses her face. "Enjoying the show, Beelzebub? I'll let you take off the rest if you like."

We're inside Ose's residence now, a grand palace situated atop a mountain many miles from Hell Harbor's western-most sea. Ose's bedroom is a barebones place, with only a bed, a dresser, and a changing mirror. It seems she designed her room for practicality and functionality, a detail I can respect.

I've never been here before, and now, as I gaze into this enchantress's eyes, I feel... intimidated.

No. That can't be it. I'm just a little nervous. I... I've never felt attraction to a woman before. Certainly, I've gazed upon my fair share of succubi and other assorted demonesses. I've admired their beauty from a distance, but never once have any of them struck my fancy. Never once have I felt an urge to pursue them.

Ose is different.

I do not understand why, when I gaze upon her, my thoughts become muddled. Perhaps it's due to our shared goals and mindset. She's not like the other women. She's-

"Are you going to stand there and stare all day?" Ose asks, startling me.

Damn! I drifted off into my thoughts. I'm acting like a total buffoon!

"Err, s-sorry," I say, wincing as I stammer awkwardly. "My, err, you are more... beautiful than I expected."

Ose's eyebrows shoot up. "Oh? Did you expect a hideous ogre to emerge from beneath my clothes? I'm sorry to disappoint you, Beelzebub."

"No! That's not what I meant... I, erm, well, when I look at you, I..."

Bloody hell! I can't speak straight! How can I transform into a gibbering moron just from seeing a bit of skin?! Stupid, worthless little imp, Beelzebub! Stop talking before you ruin everything!

Ose chortles under her breath. "Huhu... Oh, goodness. Can it be? Is the _classy_, high-strung Duke of Inferno... _nervous_? First time around the block, big guy?"

My cheeks flush red. "N... no! I've been with hundreds of ravishing women! I'll remind you that I am already well over ten thousand years old!"

Ose laughs into her hand. "Haha! It's fine, Beelzebub. I'm a little inexperienced, myself. To be honest, I'm barely keeping my composure right now! Have you any idea how many suitors I've turned down in my life? They call me an ice queen!"

Suddenly, Ose stops laughing. She raises her head and gazes into my eyes. A strange look passes over her face, as if she's suddenly recalled an unpleasant memory.

"Tch. Let's continue. There's no sense standing around all day," Ose says with a huff. Before I can reply, she grabs my hands and places them on her corset. "Go on, then. You get to take this layer off."

I blink in surprise. Her strange impassivity toward carnal pleasures of the flesh is not what I expected at all. Not wanting to delay, I quickly fumble for the laces holding her tightened clothing together, only to frown.

"Grr... these damned laces... I can't feel them with my fingers."

Ose watches indifferently for a few moments as I try to undo the front of her corset. Eventually, she sighs. "I forgot that you'd lacked a sense of touch ever since your rise to Duke. Never mind. I'll take this layer off. You may watch. Then it will be _my_ turn."

Ose winks playfully at me. I smile, but as she begins to undo her undergarments, a realization strikes me.

The Third Emperor of demonkind isn't acting like her usual self.

Something about Ose appears fake. False. It's almost as if she's simply going through the motions. Does she feel some obligation toward me? Are her feelings even genuine?

Are... mine?

Ose turns around and reveals her back to me. "I've finished the front. Normally, I'd have Amy undo the back, but since today is a special day, I'll have you do it instead. Just pull that one large string near the top. Even without feeling in your hands, you should manage."

I nod, but she doesn't see it. As I reach toward her, my breath catches.

Devils. Ose really is a deity among women.

Even without sensation in my hands, I can still feel how my hand glides across her smooth skin. I carefully place my hands on her shoulders, and smile as she flinches in surprise.

Ose's tone raises an octave. "W-what are you doing?"

"Sorry," I say, "but I couldn't resist. I was lying earlier, but you knew that. I've been single my whole life. Master Agares tried to pair me with various women, over and over, but I turned all of them down."

Ose stares ahead, keeping her back to me. "Oh? Why didn't you go after them? Isn't that what men do?"

"Truthfully, I don't know. I've never met a woman who interested me, not until I met you."

Ose continues staring ahead. However, I can't help but grin mischievously as her red skin darkens noticeably.

"I feel the same way," Ose mutters. "I don't even know what it is about you that I like. It's something... intangible. Indescribable. Maybe I simply enjoy the way you barely acknowledge my presence. Most men fawn after me like rabid hellhounds. It's sickening."

"Haha..." I chuckle. "I know what you mean. Women can't take their eyes off me. All they do is prattle on about their appearances, other men, and how good-looking I am. They only have makeup and romance rolling around in their heads. Not you. You thirst for power, much like me. I respect that."

Ose nods, agreeing with my assessment of my looks. She turns around to gaze into my eyes. "We've said enough. Come, Beelzebub. Let's not stand on ceremony any longer. Use your fire and burn my clothes off."

I blink. "Erm, are you sure? I might burn you."

"If the Duke of Inferno is clumsy enough to do such a thing, then he isn't worth my time."

A moment passes.

I swallow hard and nod. "You're right."

I raise both of my hands and ignite a scorching hot, yet razor-thin flame on the tips of my fingers. With one smooth motion, I slide my fingers down Ose's breasts, slicing apart her restrictive clothing as if it were melted cheese.

The moment Ose's ravishing figure appears, she inhales, taking a deep breath as her suffocating apparel falls to the floor. "Haah!"

After I finish, we stare into each other's eyes.

"I knew I could count on you," Ose says, blushing. "Now, it's my turn."

Before I can react, Ose's entire body shifts into a blur of motion. 

_Riiip!_

My shirt explodes into tatters from the Third Emperor's vicious onslaught. A split-second later, my pants scatter to the four fucking winds, leaving me even nuder than her!

"Seven Hells!" I blurt out a curse in surprise. "Whatever happened to slow and steady?!"

"I've waited a hundred thousand years," Ose says, as she suddenly appears inches before my face. "I'm done with waiting."

_Foomp!_

My body flies backward. Ose shoves me onto her bed with astounding force, making me strike the covers like a cannonball. "Gahk! Devil's sake, woman."

Wearing only a pair of lacey white panties, Ose leaps atop me and grins maniacally. "Oh, Beelzebub, don't make me wait any longer."

Her enthusiasm proves infectious. I lunge forward and wrap my arms around her back. "Don't tell me what to do, woman. In the bedroom, I'm in charge!"

I try to flip her onto her back, but she doesn't budge. "I'm an Emperor. Naturally, I'll take the lead."

"I'm the man! You're the woman!"

"Hahaha! I love it when you're angry!" Ose laughs.

...

Minutes later, Ose sits atop me like a warrior riding a Hellhound. However, her expression grows sullen. Her enthusiasm from earlier disappears.

"Beelzebub, what's the matter? Why won't it stand up?"

I sigh. "My demonhood... it's not working properly. Damn! I didn't realize the fucking thing lacked sensation just like the rest of my body! How... how humiliating!"

Ose frowns. She rubs her pelvis against mine in an attempt to excite me, but nothing happens. "No... it can't end like this. There has to be a way..."

I slam the back of my head against the pillow. "No, dammit! I should have remembered. Seven Hells... how am I going to live this down?"

Ose's tone softens. As I gaze up at the ceiling, I feel her gaze on my face. "It's not your fault. You can't blame yourself."

"Comforting words won't make me 'perform,'" I mutter. "I'm as useless as a eunuch."

Both of us fall silent. Ose's pitying gaze simultaneously infuriates and humiliates me. If the other demons ever hear about tonight, I'll never live it down. The reputation I've built over the last ten years, the image I've crafted of being an unstoppable machine of carnage, will vanish in the blink of an eye. 

Devils! Hells! I can't believe my rotten luck! If I didn't know any better, I might even think Ose did all this deliberately to teach me a lesson. Why wouldn't she? She always plots behind people's backs.

All I can imagine now is the laughing look on her face when she blabs about today to Mephisto and Bael. They'll bring it up over and over again, forever, for the rest of eternity.

_Beelzebub, the impotent._

_Beelzebub, the soft-headed._

I can hear their taunts already. Hells!!

"Beelzebub."

Ose's voice, softer than before, whispers in my ear. With a start, I suddenly realize she's drawn incredibly close to me. Her breath beats on my face, and her flesh presses against mine. Were it not for this damned, worthless body, I would have easily noticed her movements. What does she want? Is this the moment where she sticks the knife in and twists? Is this-

"Beelzebub. Listen to me. I have an idea."

Ose speaks again. She presses herself even further against me, making me wish I could feel even the slightest inch of her flesh.

I swallow my doubts. "What idea...?"

"Your senses might appear dead, but I have a hypothesis. Would you like me to test something on you? I'll want your permission."

I frown. _Ose is asking for my consent? Since when did she start doing such things?_

I gently wrap an arm around her back. "What are you going to do?"

Ose doesn't reply. She breathes in my ear quietly for several seconds, sending tingles down my spine. This strangely erotic moment fills me with excitement. If only I could feel her skin for just a moment, I might just... just...

"I'll try not to hurt you," Ose whispers. "I don't want you to feel ashamed for what's happened. It's not your fault. However, I have to ask you a question."

Slowly, I nod. "Go on."

"Do you believe in fate?"

Ose's white hair falls in my face. With her head resting beside mine, I can't see the look in her eyes. However, her words cause me to shudder.

"...Perhaps? Why do you ask?"

"My demonic power is electricity. Don't you find that strange?"

Ose continues to whisper. She pulls away from me, ever so slightly, and props her elbow up on my chest, then rests her chin in her palm. Her expression is... simply divine.

"If I'm right, the demonic fire in your body must have seared your pain-receptors to ash. Burning and detonating your body repeatedly would be nothing short of masochistic for any other demon. However, to protect itself, your body sealed off its senses so that you could use your magic freely."

Ose smiles. This time, her expression contains nothing but warmth and admiration.

"How very like you, Beelzebub. You went so far as to give up your sense of touch to serve me better. Even if you did it unwittingly, I am thankful."

Ose bats her eyes. She raises her other arm, and sparks of electricity appear between her fingers.

"To demonstrate my thanks... I'm going to give you a night you'll never forget."

I stare at the electricity arcing between Ose's fingers. "I don't understand. What do you mean?"

"Your brain is nothing more than a bio-computer, one which communicates through electrical signals. Supposing I were to bridge the gap between your brain and body, you might regain that which you've lost."

My eyes bolt open. Her words strike at the very core of my being. "So... you're saying there's a chance?! You can give me my sense of touch back? We can-?!"

I cannot," Ose replies, a look of sorrow on her face. "Not permanently. Only as long as we're together — perhaps the Wordsmith could do such a thing, but I cannot."

Ose reaches toward me and caresses my face. A moment later, a sense of burning overtakes my entire body.

"Augh!"

I yelp in fright as white-hot pain erupts across every inch of my skin. My back spasms, and I flinch, unable to perceive the world around me for several seconds.

Then, as quickly as it came, the pain disappears. Ose continues pressing her hand against my face. Despite my disbelief, I finally feel her warm body pushing against mine. Inexplicable joy crashes into my mind. A realization of what I've lost, only to regain, causes me to break out into a stupid grin.

I'm... I'm so happy that I could cry!

"This is fate," Ose says. "We're meant to be together. You are my beloved warrior, my ruthless right hand. And I... I complete you. We make each other whole."

I reach up and touch her hand, grinning like a madman. My palm meets her soft, delicate fingers. Finally, I feel her devilishly smooth skin, and everything clicks into place.

Ose is the woman of my dreams.

A moment later, I glance downward, toward my pelvis.

"Oh," Ose says, following my gaze. "Looks like you're finally ready for action!"

I bare my teeth and flash a nasty grin. "Haha... you have _no_ idea. I'll accept your reward, _Your Highness_, and counter with my own!"

This time, I catch Ose by surprise and flip her over on the bed, allowing me to assume the dominating position. She squeals playfully while keeping her hand pressed against my head.

"Take me, Beelzebub. Take me!"

"I told you, woman! Don't tell me what to do! I'm in charge!"

...

What soon follows is the most memorable night of my life.