Part 509: Cosmic Levels

Solomon pauses his work, opting to stop writing books for his library for a while. He rests his palm on Hope's shoulder and smiles.

"Come. Walk with me."

He leads Hope out of the library, down a few halls, and into the forest Hope conjured for the Hero known as the Mountain Hermit.

"I've been coming here a lot, recently." Solomon says, as they wander over to the edge of the forest. "I've even had a few chats with that oddball, Jeremiah. Nice chap. A man of few words."

Solomon and Hope walk over and sit down beside a beautiful placid lake. Above them, a false sun glows in the sky, its presence intended to give this fake world the illusion of being a part of Old Earth. Distant birds chirp, and across the lake, a pair of deer lap at the water...

"You wanted to know about the different types of Cosmics." Solomon says, after he and Hope have sat down for a short while.

"I do." Hope says. "Can you enlighten me?"

Solomon nods. "I don't want you thinking I've withheld information from you again. I did not tell you about this because, at the time, there was no point in you knowing. But it will become necessary to keep in mind, very soon. Mephisto has Ascended, and the Archdemon has returned. Things won't be as simple as they were before."

"I find that hard to believe." Hope says, frowning. He tosses a stone out across the pond, skipping it across the water. "Why would you hide the existence of Cosmics from me? What purpose would me not knowing that information serve?"

Solomon remains silent for a while. Perhaps thirty seconds.

He looks out across the lake and sighs.

"Hope. What is a puddle to an ant?"

"I don't think I follow." Hope replies.

"An ant. An insect. When it encounters a puddle, what do you think it imagines the puddle to be, from its perspective?"

"Uh. I guess... a small lake?" Hope says hesitantly.

"That's right." Solomon confirms. "To an ant, a puddle is a formidable obstacle, one it cannot cross easily. But imagine you were in the position of that ant. What would you think, with your advanced brain, when you learned that actual lakes existed? What about seas? What about entire oceans? Could you even mentally fathom such vast bodies of water?"

Hope scrunches up his face.

"I suppose it would be difficult. But compared to an ocean, ants and humans are practically the same size. Oceans are still huge to me."

"That's missing the point." Solomon says, waving his hand casually. "To you, a rock on the ground fits in your palm. But to an ant, that rock is a massive boulder. If an ant were to look up at you, it might perceive you as a 'god.' Some incredible entity capable of manipulating the environment in ways no mere ant ever could."

Solomon continues. "In the same way, you as a human might look up to a Demon Emperor as an indestructible god of destruction. And to a Demon Emperor, a Cosmic Entity is the next step up that ladder. To a Cosmic, a Ruler is the next step up... and to a Ruler, the First Ruler is the ultimate authority of all reality."

"So what's above Akasha himself?" Hope snarks. "Don't tell me. There's ten more levels after him? A super-giga-ultra Ruler??"

Solomon appears unamused. "Not as far as I know."

"That isn't a 'no.'" Hope retorts.

"I have no reason to believe there is anything beyond Akasha." Solomon says. "More importantly, you're missing my main point. You never needed to know anything about Cosmics, because none of them were going to affect you, and even if they did, you didn't have the capital to stand against them. But now, both of those variables have changed."

Hope ceases his snarking to look at Solomon more seriously. "I take it this is a big deal."

"Oh, it's bigger than you can imagine." Solomon says. "I'll tell you the truth, Hope. Until recently, the only Cosmics I knew of in the Milky Way were the Volgrim, and the Archangels, once they ascended. I had my doubts regarding the Archdemon, and the First Emperor's arrival was certainly suspicious, but I couldn't confirm anything."

Solomon waves his hand, conjuring an image of Numaria, slowed down one-hundredfold, where Mephisto and the Archdemon engage in a brutal struggle for dominance.

"Diablo is no longer a rampaging monster hellbent on destruction. The First Emperor has somehow pacified and taught Diablo how to fully control his Archdemon form. The overall power output seems a bit weaker than what I observed during the War in Heaven, but it's also become much more consistent and focused. Diablo is a serious threat now."

"If we end up fighting, can I beat him?" Hope asks.

"Honestly? No. I don't think you can. And the reason for that is why I need to tell you about Cosmic Entities in greater detail."

Solomon sits up straight, assuming a solemn teaching posture.

"The rise from a non-Sentient to a Sentient creature is a qualitative increase in intelligence. The ability to craft tools and think with long-term strategy in mind is extremely significant. This sort of qualitative powerup is what allowed humans to dominate their animal ancestors."

"Similarly," Solomon continues, "the difference between a human and a Demon Duke, let alone an Emperor, is also qualitative. The mightiest human is but a gnat before the weakest Emperor. An Emperor can lay waste to millions of humans effortlessly."

"Sure, but humans can build machines to fight back." Hope points out.

"That's correct. Humans can somewhat level the playing field by relying on our technological superiority." Solomon says. "But only the ignorance of demons prevents them from usurping that so-called 'innate' power of ours. Demons think little of technology, but if they were ever to harness it, they would become untouchable. They would have all our benefits, and none of our weaknesses."

"That's not going to happen soon." Hope snorts. "Demons are dumber than _Boomers_. You show them a screen and they start raging about how incomprehensible such a basic piece of technology is."

"Right. That's true for now." Solomon warns. "But it might not be forever. Anyway."

He continues. "Cosmics are another qualitative step up. Once you become a Cosmic, even a bottom level, piss-poor, weak little shitstain like Mephisto, you possess unimaginable power compared to even an army of elite mortals. It doesn't matter if 100 Demon Emperors use human technology to reach their apex of power. They simply cannot stand up to Mephisto at all. This is why the First Emperor was forced to use Diablo to counter Mephisto. The only way to beat a Cosmic is with another Cosmic."

"Seriously?" Hope asks in disbelief. "The situation doesn't seem all THAT dire. His body's stronger, his magic is stronger, and his souls too, most likely. But what makes you call him 'invincible'?"

"It is impossible to become a Cosmic unless one obtains a power that defies reality." Solomon says quietly. "To become a Cosmic is to quite literally break the rules of reality. Mephisto obtained his status by relying on unbelievably durable dragonbones forged in the fires of a supernova, along with the power of the Sphinx to meld all his souls together. And even with all those advantages, he only barely managed to step into the very bottom of the Cosmic rankings. This may seem terrible, but he now possesses a certain advantage that perhaps he has not even yet realized himself..."

"And that would be?" Hope asks.

"All Cosmics are restricted by the Akashic Laws." Solomon states authoritatively. "All of them. From the ancient Archangels to the Archdemon to every other Cosmic in between. And the punishments for breaking those laws can be extreme, to say the least."

Metaphorical question marks pop up above Hope's head.

"What laws can't they break?"

"It's easier to explain a different way." Solomon says. "If you wanted, you could reach out with your magic and slaughter a million people effortlessly. In fact, King Arthur once did that very thing by accident. You are a mortal, bound by mortal laws. But Cosmics are so powerful that they can destabilize the universe itself. As such, Akasha placed down laws upon Cosmics to ensure they would not be able to do this."

Solomon pauses for a moment to let his next words sink in.

"Cosmics are not allowed to 'interfere' in the mortal realm. The definition of 'interfere' varies. But essentially, the more powerful a Cosmic is, the more restrictive this definition becomes. At higher levels, Cosmics may only do battle with one another, lest they suffer a terrible backlash."

Hope closes his eyes to ponder this revelation for a few seconds.

"So... if Mephisto slaughters the Demon Emperors, he'll receive a backlash from the Akashic Laws?"

"No. That's the thing. He won't." Solomon continues. "Mephisto is actually such a weak and pathetic Cosmic Entity that the Akashic Laws barely apply to him. He can continue lording his existence over us mortals with ease. But at the same time, he is unable to contest against basically any other Cosmic. This makes him an _extremely_ useful pawn, since he would be capable of devastating entire planets where High Cosmics could not. Diablo is heavily restricted by the Akashic Laws, because _he_ is a Middle Cosmic."

"That's right..." Hope says slowly. "You told me before that the five tiers of Cosmic Entities are Bottom, Low, Middle, High, and Apex."

He cocks his head.

"...So what level is Founder Dosena? A High Cosmic?"

Solomon sighs.

"No. She is also a Middle Cosmic, like Diablo. And for your information, when the Archangels combined to become the Cherubiim, they only attained the level of Low Cosmic."

"I see!" Hope exclaims. "So if Dosena had shown up, she could have destroyed the Cherubiim with ease!"

Solomon's expression becomes contemplative.

"Not... exactly. Things aren't that simple. Remember when Ose, as a mere Demon Emperor, unleashed a powerful attack that smote the Cherubiim? This meant she somehow managed to combine Bael's indestructible body with her lightning-enhanced speed to achieve a power capable of rivaling a Low Cosmic. It's even possible she could rival Dosena, though we weren't able to confirm as much."

"But you said mortals couldn't rival Cosmics." Hope says, pointing out the contradiction in Solomon's words.

"Akasha's Game has Laws. But Laws are made to be broken. Akasha is neither all-seeing, nor all-caring." Solomon explains. "Sometimes, anomalies can appear. And Bael... he does indeed appear to be one of those anomalies..."

Hope nods, recalling what Solomon told him about Bael's strange ability to conjure creatures from the Great Beyond. While Solomon has not managed to set up as robust an observation system as Jason has around the Milky Way, the powers of the Heroes Hope recovered have proven quite effective at supplementing Solomon's abilities.

He can spy nearly as well as the First Wordsmith...

"So." Solomon concludes. "Let me reiterate. Cosmics are not allowed to harm mortals. If they do, they will suffer backlashes. The stronger a Cosmic, the greater the backlash, up to and including their death. However, Mephisto is such a pathetic, weak little pissant of a Cosmic that he is not presently bound by these restrictions."

"So that would make Mephisto a great ally for Diablo." Hope observes. "Diablo should be around Founder Dosena's level, right? That means he can restrain her, while Mephisto could be like his attack dog, running roughshod over the rest of the Volgrim."

Solomon visibly winces. "Well... almost. Except, there's one minor detail you've overlooked."

He pauses.

"Regarding Founder Dosena. She's a Middle Cosmic. She's a 9th Level Psion. What do you suppose that makes the 8th Level Psions?"

Hope blinks. His heart skips a beat.

"No way. NO WAY! You're telling me... every single one of the Executors are Cosmics too?!"

"Low Cosmics." Solomon says. "And the 7th Level Psions... they're all Bottom Cosmics."

"Holy SHIT!" Hope exclaims, jumping up and staring down at Solomon in horror. "Just... just how many Cosmics does the Volgrim Empire have?! You're telling me a single 7th Level Psion is powerful enough to blast the entirety of Tarus II to kingdom come?!"

"Oh, certainly." Solomon nods. "But don't you recall? The Energy Wars of human myth, those frightening wars that nearly rendered our species extinct... during those wars, not a single Psion above the 6th Level showed their face. And the vast majority were 5th Level or below. Most 5th Level Psions can obliterate Demon Emperors without breaking a sweat, barring aberrants like Emperor Ose, Gorn, or Auger. But even the mightiest Emperors usually can't harm a 6th Level Psion. As for 7th Levels? Forget it."

Hope remains standing for a full minute. He becomes lost in his thoughts as he gazes into the distance, his pupils expanding and contracting several times.

Eventually, he slumps back to his butt. He rests his face in his hands, while moaning quietly. "Oh, god. Oh my god. This is insane. I didn't realize- I mean, how can the Volgrim be THAT powerful? Are our human Heroes anything to them at all?!"

Solomon sighs. "It may seem pointless to struggle against them, Hope. But I assure you. Heroes are not as weak as you may now imagine. Arthur was, I would estimate, potentially at the level of a Bottom Cosmic, or even a Low Cosmic while he was alive. You and Jason both have an infinite potential for your growth. I believe reaching the level of Middle Cosmic should be within reach."

Hope lifts his head from his palms. "Then shouldn't that become my top priority?! Humanity is practically defenseless as we stand now!"

"Again, the situation is not as you think." Solomon says. "You've already defeated a 7th Level Psion, Hope. And not just any Psion, but an elite among her peers. That means you already possess the power of a Bottom Cosmic, at least when wielding Excalibur."

Solomon smirks. "We humans... we possess high potential. Our artifacts and technology will give us a fighting chance in the upcoming war. For right now, the Volgrim aren't even our true enemies. They don't want to fight us any more than we want to fight them. We need to work together to defeat the Plague."

"Yeah. But assuming we DO defeat the Plague, what _then_?" Hope asks.

"Well." Solomon replies. "Then it's time for the gloves to come off."

Solomon pauses to clear his throat.

"Anyway. You're not a true Cosmic, yet you have the capital to contend with Bottom Cosmics like Confessor Vulpanix. That means you're in a similar position as Mephisto, Hope. If you become any stronger, there's a high chance the Akashic Laws will start applying to you. And if THAT happens, you'll lose your ability to contend with the forces threatening humanity."

Hope opens his mouth to retort, but he stops before he speaks, then looks off into the distance.

"...Wait a minute. What if... what if Jason and I..."

"Hm?" Solomon grunts.

"Well. What if I ascended to become a Middle Cosmic, or perhaps even higher. But _then_, what if Jason _didn't_? He could remain a mortal to deal with the lower-level matters while I dealt with the higher-level ones."

Solomon raises his eyebrows. "That... is not a bad option. I'm surprised you'd lean toward such an idea."

"Only because it involves me taking the lead as the Milky Way's overlord." Hope says with a smirk. "Jason can stay my underling and shine my shoes. That would suit me just fine."

"Hah!" Solomon laughs. "And there it is, that ego of yours rears its ugly head. What if Jason is the one to ascend first, Hope? He might even be doing so in secret, as we speak."

"Jason doesn't have Excalibur." Hope says confidently. "Maybe I can harness the divine blade's power to boost myself to the next tier of strength."

"Sure. But Jason has Camael's Cube." Solomon points out. "He's not without similar options, Hope. Don't get cocky."

The Second Wordsmith doesn't like that thought. He glowers at Solomon, then looks away.

"We'll see who ultimately ends up on top. I'm betting it will be _me_."

A few minutes pass. Hope gazes into the distance.

"Say, what about that angel Bael summoned? The Apex Cosmic? Didn't she destroy an entire Fairy city without suffering a backlash?"

Solomon strokes his beard.

"Hmm. She did, yes. Strange. That shouldn't be possible. Unless..."

"Unless?" Hope asks.

"Unless Akasha's rules don't apply to her." Solomon replies. "She seemed to have died and traveled to the Great Beyond. How Bael summoned her, I'm not certain. Perhaps those who return from the Great Beyond... are no longer bound by the Akashic Laws? I certainly pray that isn't the case. It would make Bael a more frightening enemy than even the Second Founder."

"Yeah..." Hope says, trailing off. "Bael. We're going to need to keep an eye on him."

The two men continue chatting for a few hours.

Eventually, Hope gets up to leave.

"I need to head back to Tarus II and help everyone prepare. See you soon, Solomon."

"Don't be a stranger, boy." Solomon replies.

"**Return.**" Hope says, teleporting away.

Solomon remains seated by the lake, enjoying the beautiful midday view.

He waves his hand, conjuring an image of Founder Dosena as she races across the Void toward the world of Numaria.

"Hmm. I wonder what she'll have to say when she encounters Diablo..."