Part 543: Jason's Plan

Emperor Diablo continues to levitate in the air above the table. He waits for a few moments after asking Jason Hiro what his response will be.

It does not escape Diablo's notice that the 'thing' sitting in Jason's seat is not actually Jason himself. Instead, it is an automated drone with a cybernetic interior and flesh covering its surface. However, thanks to the Wordsmith's magic, the Dronesmith appears completely alive to those possessing only mundane senses. Even Neil Adams can't tell anything is off about Jason, let alone the other humans. Perhaps only his wife Phoebe knows, as well as Diablo and a few of the more observant demons such as Beelzebub and Belial.

But even though Diablo immediately sees through the Wordsmith's body, he doesn't possess infinite knowledge regarding the Wordsmith. He doesn't know Jason is currently holed up inside a time-accelerated domain where every minute in the physical universe translates to two hundred and fifty inside Chrona. And so, he also doesn't realize in the few seconds Jason pauses before responding, nearly a thousand have passed inside Chrona, giving Jason plenty of time to prepare his response.

The Dronesmith blinks its eyes and smiles politely at Diablo, its expression neither servile nor arrogant. 'Jason' maintains the perfect level of status in his body language to place himself as an equal to Diablo without lowering or raising himself to a different level of importance. This is important for both of their sakes, as it ensures neither one of them will go too far in their negotiations.

"You drive a hard bargain." Jason says. "But... in the interests of future cooperation, I suppose I have no choice but to accept on humanity's behalf. While I'm sure many people seated here won't be too happy about you taking back the Labyrinth and using our armed forces to benefit demonkind, the fact of the matter is that the Plague is an existential threat to the Milky Way. As well, you and I both know the Plague only represents the beginning of a future extra-galactic war."

"Yes, yes, very true, Wordsmith." Diablo says with a smile. "A wise man submits to circumstance."

"Indeed, but I'm not done speaking." Jason retorts. "There are things I know that you do not. There are things you know that I do not. We can claim to have superior intelligence over one another all day, but I believe a more... _equitable distribution_ of future-obtained assets would benefit us both."

Diablo's smile faintly turns to a frown. "Your meaning?"

"We help you secure worlds only for you to instate Middle Cosmics as their permanent guardians, yet humanity receives no benefits outside some claim you can help us fix our Flaw. While this offer isn't bad, I think you can do better."

Jason leans back for a few seconds, as if taking time to think, all the while buying himself tens of minutes in Chrona.

"Hmm. It won't do for you to simply give worlds we re-conquer to humanity, since we'll still be vulnerable if the Plague returns. And obviously if we're 'protected' by your Cosmics, that will put us in a... difficult position."

Jason abruptly smiles, causing Diablo's frown to deepen further. "The solution seems obvious. I want some of the worlds we help you take back to be assigned to our allied demon brothers and sisters. We will uplift friendly demons to the rank of Cosmic in the same way you have, thus providing strongholds for humanity to live upon."

"What?" Diablo asks, his expression souring.

"How is that beneficial to us at all?" Neil asks, his own expression just as sour as Diablo's. "Either way, we'd still be putting the lives of good men and women in the hands of demons!"

"We would." Jason acknowledges. "And I have no problem with that. In the end, Neil, I am still humanity's leader, and I still want to try and make whole the gap between our species and the demons. Not all demons hate humans, and plenty of them I consider my good friends, such as Samantha here, or Kiari, among others."

Jason gestures to his left, where the two female Emperors are sitting together beside Beelzebub. It doesn't escape anyone's notice that Jason doesn't include Beelzebub in his 'friends', but that much is certainly to be expected.

"I would leave up the choice of who among our demon compatriots wants to become locked a single world for the rest of eternity, but I'm sure more than a few would be willing to accept such a burden and its associated responsibilities." Jason continues. "Samantha's healing abilities are too vital to too many humans, monsters, and demons for me to want to tether her to a single world, but perhaps her abilities would become so powerful that she could heal someone across the entire galaxy. Kiari is not much of a frontline combatant, so perhaps she would be better served creating powerful bug-minions as a Cosmic. If not them, we can raise other Emperors, such as from the Hell of Lust, or what remains of the Hell of Isolation."

"A clever plan." Diablo growls, visibly annoyed Jason thought up this idea. But his annoyance fades after a moment. "I suppose this is an acceptable compromise. Traitors these demons might be to their people and disloyal to their highest rulers, but still demons nonetheless."

"Then that's settled." Jason says. "I want nothing more than to eradicate the Plague and bring an end to it as much as you. As for what comes afterward... we'll just have to see, won't we?"

"Yes. We will have to see." Diablo says, his smile faintly returning.

For a brief moment, neither of the men says anything, but their thoughts swirl quickly as they contemplate the sudden change of plans.

_Not bad. The kid moved quickly to solidify his position._ Diablo thinks. _But demons tethered to worlds are no threat to me. Better yet, they become immobile, unable to assist their comrades meaningfully. Jason overplayed his hand here._

Jason also keeps his thoughts to himself. _Diablo probably thinks me attaching my strongest demon allies to worlds will limit their movements. But who says those tethers cannot be unmade, or maybe even reforged later? Perhaps I can find a way to allow my Cosmic allies to move freely within the Milky Way, if only under limited circumstances._

Jason's Dronesmith rises from his chair. Neil does too, though the human commander cannot even contain the roiling fury under the surface. Twice, he glowers at Jason hatefully, looking away to try and recompose himself, but failing both times. The betrayal he feels from Jason not only accepting Diablo's offer without consulting his military commander, but even deciding to haphazardly put degenerate demons in charge of future worlds sickens Neil to his core.

_That blasted idiot Wordsmith!_ Neil thinks. _He's giving Diablo everything he wanted. Now my men will have to go out and bravely die on the frontlines only to hand the fruits of their labor to demons! Good demons, bad demons, is there even a distinction?! That idealistic fool of a Wordsmith has screwed his people over yet again, but he's too stupid to see it!_

While all three leaders have their own thoughts, none of them voice those thoughts out loud. Diablo merely folds his hands behind his back and glances around the table at the various humans, monster, and demons sitting there.

"So it's settled then. Very well, with that out of the way, I'll be off. I would like your people to vacate the Core as quickly as possible. Out of consideration for our newfound friendship, I will allow you to keep some essential personnel stationed inside the Labyrinth as you please. But the lion's share of the workspace must go to my people."

Neil sneers at Diablo. "Can your demons even _handle_ the opening and closing of portals? The technology is quite difficult to comprehend, especially for _your kind_."

Diablo looks at Neil with a faint expression of pity, as if he were a harmless mutt barking to establish his dominance yet utterly failing due to standing before a pack of wolves. "You don't need to worry about that. I have plenty of capable allies who are up for the task."

Without another word, Diablo waves his hand, and his Astral Form dissipates into motes of light. It vanishes after a few seconds, leaving the hall silent.

Neil only manages to restrain himself for five seconds before finally snapping at the Wordsmith. "Oh, what a _fine_ job you've done today, _Jason._  You gave Diablo everything he wanted, everything he needed!"

"We made plenty of gains ourselves." Jason says slowly. "I know it might not seem like much, but the situation is under control. Everyone, I expect you to start packing up and exiting the Core post-haste. Let's get out within the next 24 hours."

"So that's it, then?" Neil asks. "We just tuck our tails and scamper away? We're not even going to try to fight?!"

Surprisingly, it's Beelzebub who answers Neil first. "That would be a fool's endeavor. You truly cannot comprehend how useless mundane weapons of war are against a Cosmic entity who possesses unmatched regeneration and the power to shatter planets with his fists. Even if Diablo made no further moves, he has a massive army of Emperors at his disposal who can project power you don't stand a chance against. What are you going to do, slap him? Piss him off? Surely you're smarter than this."

"Sure, maybe we don't literally fight him, but to simply bow down and kiss his feet?!" Neil snaps. "This is outrageous!"

Neil throws his hands up in a wild gesture of rage, then turns and storms out of the room. General Magnus Chadwick steadily follows after him, as does Hans Wagner and the rest of his entourage

Not long after, Jason exhales softly, then looks around at the remaining humans, monsters, and demons.

"Well. That could have gone worse."

"Could have gone better, too." Belial says blandly. "I don't understand, Jason. Neil makes at least a bit of a point. We don't have to fight back against Diablo, but to simply cower to his demands... it leaves a bad taste in my mouth."

"He's such a big bully." Kiari complains, crossing her arms. "But uh... what's this about turning Emperors into Cosmics? Were you serious about what you said, Jason?"

"I am serious." Jason answers. "But it doesn't have to be you, Kiari. We have the Belial Booster. We can raise our own Emperors, given time. We'll have plenty of candidates to choose from."

"I'm surprised Diablo didn't include the Belial Booster, or even a copy of it, in his demands." Phoebe says. "You'd think with all the Emperors he has at his disposal, and soon all the Cosmics too, he'd love an easy way to convert demonic power and soul energy into fresh new Emperors..."

"Ah. That's the thing." Jason replies. "Diablo has a truly incredible way of forming Emperors now."

He spends a few minutes telling everyone about the exobeast essence beads created by Glinch and how they can empower ordinary demons to the rank of Duke and Emperor with shocking ease. This causes many of the demons at the table to look at each other strangely.

"Is that... truly a viable way to become an Emperor? There must be a tradeoff." Belial says.

"There's no way some exobeast essence could have such an incredible effect and not have downsides." Beelzebub answers. "Based on what Jason said, it seems these pills hurt a demon's foundation in some way. That's why Glinch considers them 'exobeast slop.' Beyond that, I can't guess what the problems would be."

"That's my assumption too." Belial mutters. "In any case, it's neither here nor there. If Diablo doesn't _need_ us to empower Emperors, then we've lost our leverage. We won't be able to sway the Hells into any mutual benefits if they can get roughly the same thing from Diablo. Most demons would rather serve their own kind than a human, even if the benefits are slightly less than what they received before."

"The Hell of Lust is still on our side." Belial says. "But now that Emperor Melody has become a Cosmic, I don't know how the remaining members of the Hell of Isolation will react."

"Can you go and check on them for me?" Jason asks.

"Yeah. I can do that." Belial answers with a hopeful smile. It fades after a moment. "Just don't be surprised if... I mean, they are friendly to humanity, but..."

"It's fine." Jason says, reaching over to squeeze her shoulder. "Don't try to pressure them or anything. We'll make do even if only the Hell of Lust stays on our side. Even if they _don't_, as a matter of fact."

Belial looks at him questioningly, but Jason doesn't say anything further. She starts to stand up, but then Jason glances at his wife.

"Actually, Samantha, Phoebe, before you both depart, I need to talk to you in private. Let's just go over there for a minute. This won't take long."

He points to a corner of the room, and the two women slowly nod, uncertain what he has to say. Under the curious glances of Beelzebub, Kiari, and several others, Jason and Phoebe join Belial as they walk over to the corner, then Jason utters a few Words of Power, enveloping themselves in a privacy field that makes them all but disappear from reality.

Beelzebub frowns. _What is Jason up to?_

Inside the field, Jason looks around for a moment, his smile from before disappearing.

"Alright, I checked and we're alone. As best as I can tell, no Psions snooping on us, barring some undetectable micro-nano-bio-bots or other bullshit."

Having learned his lesson from Rebecca's training, Jason doesn't take lightly the threat of Creator Demila or some other Psion snooping on him even when he enters one of his Wordsmithed privacy bubbles.

He stands across from Phoebe and Belial, then sighs.

"It has come to my attention that Diablo may be... plotting something dangerous. He has a number of demons working under him now with entirely novel powers none of us have ever encountered. I need the two of you to work together and do something for me over the next week or so. Samantha, this job will mostly fall on you, but Phoebe, I want you to support her logistically, sending out notifications to everyone you can."

The two women look at each other in confusion, then nod at Jason, watching with wide eyes as he holds out his palm, and a white crystal magically materializes in his grasp.

"This is a brain scanning crystal." Jason explains. "Samantha, Phoebe is going to summon every human soldier and civilian to your hospital over the next week or so. No, actually, make that every human, then every monster and demon, just to keep suspicions down. I will provide you with fifty of these crystals. I want you and some trusted subordinates to scan the brains of everyone who comes to the hospital, and the crystals will turn red or green. Mark down anyone who turns red, then when you're done and you've scanned all our allies, give Phoebe the list of whoever failed the check. I'll handle the rest from there."

"This sounds pretty serious." Belial says. "What are we... scanning for?"

"I don't want to say exactly." Jason answers. "It's just a hunch. I believe there might be a demon capable of synthesizing a dangerous cerebral contagion which could inflict serious damage upon humans. If I'm wrong, then this is just a precaution, but if I'm right, I'll be able to find the common link and snuff out the problem before it even flares up."

"You think he'd go that far?" Belial asks, only to pause and shake her head. "No, what am I saying? The Diablo I saw today was far, far different from the one I've known since the Ancient Era. It's obvious he'd stoop to this level of evil."

"Managing all these people is going to be a logistical burden." Phoebe says. "Even for me. We're talking millions of people and only fifty crystals. I doubt we could do this in two months, let alone a week..."

"It won't take that long." Jason says. "Here, I'll show you how it works."

He lifts up the crystal, then walks over to his wife. He injects his mana into the crystal after holding it up to her head, then a second later it glows faintly red.

Belial's expression darkens. "Phoebe... she's been contaminated?"

"Possibly." Jason says. "But I already guessed as much. You don't need to worry about that. As you can see, the scanning process doesn't even take five seconds. You can have people walk into an office and walk out after ten seconds later. A revolving door will get them out of your hair lickety-split. Once you guys get me that list, I can take care of the rest. I'll make sure anyone afflicted has their health evaluated without them even knowing. Remember, we don't want to cause a panic. Just tell your staff that this is a routine inspection using Phoebe's new crystal scanning technology."

Belial looks at Phoebe with deep concern. Then she nods at Jason.

"I'll take care of this. Just get me those crystals and I'll start scanning people night and day until the work is done. We demons can go without sleep for a long, long time if needed."

"No need to over-exert yourself." Jason says. "If you have more capable personnel, I can provide you with more crystals. This task should be done swiftly but don't fall apart for my sake..."

"I'll be fine." Belial says, taking the crystal from Jason.

She smiles at Jason and Phoebe, then gives both of the humans a hug before Jason teleports her directly to Tarus II afterward.

Once Belial disappears, Phoebe looks at Jason seriously. "What am I infected with?"

Jason's smile disappears. "Don't be mad, honey. I lied to Samantha just now."

"Huh? You did?!" Phoebe asks, slightly aghast. "You don't trust her? After all we've been through?!"

"I absolutely do. But this situation is different." Jason explains. "I don't want this information getting out to _anyone_ in realspace. Only you and I can know. At least for _now_."

He pauses.

"You remember what Diablo said before? About fixing Humanity's Flaw? We don't need him for that. I've already found the way to fix it myself."

Phoebe's heart skips a beat. Her eyes widen. "You did? Since when?"

"The word 'when' is a little relative for both of us." Jason says. "It was a few days ago... my time. It was less than an hour ago... your time. Fiona and Rebecca have been working hard to scan and evaluate a bunch of human, demon, and Volgrim brains. We found a microscopic piece of brain matter we've identified as the so-called 'Human Flaw.' The Crystals don't detect a virus, they detect that Flaw."

He shrugs. "Actually they don't just detect it, they also immediately destroy it. I chose to have the crystals glow red for anyone who already had their Flaw fixed via the Power Gloves. Yeah that's a whole thing. Turns out the gloves can sometimes fix the Flaw in certain people at random, but the results are inconclusive."

"So why all the hush-hush secrecy?" Phoebe asks, her expression still one of annoyance. "Why lie to Sammy of all people? She's our closest friend, Jason. We can absolutely trust her."

"Yes we can. But every individual who knows is one more link that could reveal this information to the Volgrim Empire. Don't forget we have spies in our ranks. I'm still trying to root out the Changelings. I don't want to take any chances..."

Jason gently pokes his wife's collarbone. "You know and I know. That's enough. I don't want to get anyone's hopes up, anyway. I have no idea what removing Humanity's Flaw will do. It might not accomplish anything. People might gain the power to see through walls or something, or people might randomly uplift themselves to the rank of Cosmic. I refuse to believe Raphael went to the trouble of limiting humanity's potential if we weren't going to amount to much anyway. He must have seen something that made him scared."

"Or perhaps the old coot learned his lesson from the demons." Phoebe says with a sour expression. "Anyway. I'll tolerate this one time, Jason. But don't ever put me in a position where I have to lie to my best friend again. That's really screwed up of you."

Jason smiles weakly, trying not to look guilty. He touches Phoebe's stomach, smiling as he feels her noticeably larger belly.

"The baby's not far away." Jason mutters. "A few months at most. That's dozens of years in Chrona-time. Hopefully I'll have had enough time to solve all the problems facing humanity by then. If humanity can grow strong enough, we won't need to fear the demons, the Volgrim, or even the Plague. But it currently hinges on just what will happen if our people have their limiter removed. I hope it all works out well."

Phoebe smiles. "I do too, Jason."

The two of them lean forward and start to kiss, but Phoebe pulls back all of a sudden and frowns.

"Wait. Jason... is that you? Something's a little... off about you."

Jason flinches. "I, ah..."

His wife stares into his eyes for a moment, and her expression droops.

"What the- this is the Dronesmith! Were you seriously about to kiss me with your robo-clone? I thought you actually came down here for once!"

"I... can feel the sensations the Dronesmith feels if I want." Jason says, though his excuse feels a tad lame.

"Why don't you get your hiney back to realspace instead, then?" Phoebe asks. "Kiss me in person, you dummy."

Phoebe lightly teases Jason, but when he doesn't laugh, her smile fades.

"Jason?"

"I can't." The Wordsmith says, averting his eyes. "I'm... I can't leave Chrona, Phoebe. I'm trapped here. At least for now."

"What? Trapped??" Phoebe asks, feeling even more startled than she was earlier. "What do you mean? What aren't you telling me this time?"

"I didn't want to worry you." Jason replies. "It's just... well, the effects of time-dilation can be... severe. Traveling from a higher time dilation to a lower one can cause severe problems. Blinker... she returned from realspace and nearly died. It took us a lot of work to stabilize her condition and get her back on her feet. I'm currently looking into mitigation strategies for myself and the rest."

Jason hesitantly explains his current situation to Phoebe, and a few minutes later, she falls silent.

"250 times the speed of realspace." Phoebe mutters. "Of course it can't be that convenient. There would have to be side effects. It's only three months till the baby is due, but that's 750 months in Chrona time. Jason, that's well over half a century."

"It is a lot of time. Yeah." Jason acknowledges. "I want to hold you. To hug you. To kiss you... but I can't leave here until I solve the time dilation problem. And I definitely can't bring you or any humans here either. I'll be trapping my species inside Chrona's dimension, like I've already done for Kar, Blinker, and the others."

Jason hangs his shoulders heavily.

"What's done is done. In the meantime, you just need to focus on helping me with the problems in realspace. I will make sure to devote plenty of time to making things as quick and easy for you as possible."

"What about my big debate with Neil?" Phoebe asks.

Jason blinks. "Your what?"

"The debate in a week." Phoebe says, frowning. "You know. To debate the future of humanity's path forward. Don't tell me you forgot!"

"Oh, right, a week. Next week." Jason says, scratching his head. "I... okay, yeah, I forgot. It's been a long time for me. It's easy to forget about these minor matters."

"M-minor matters???" Phoebe exclaims. "Jason if we screw up, Neil could sway half the population to follow his rule! He and Hope could brainwash them and leave us with far fewer people."

"Might be better that way..." Jason says slowly. "More redundancy. Having the entire population of humanity located on one planet is a disaster waiting to happen. Spreading ourselves out across a few planets is assuredly much better in the long run."

He shrugs.

"Just do your best, honey. If you fail to sway the hearts of the people... it's fine. We'll manage. Neil's anti-demon stance is making more sense now that Diablo has become such a big threat. Maybe he has a good idea, for once..."

Phoebe closes her eyes and massages the bridge of her nose. "Okay. I'll do that. Thanks, I guess."

Jason gives her a hug, but now that she knows she's only embracing a robot, Phoebe's response is decidedly more lukewarm. The Dronesmith smiles awkwardly, then disperses the privacy field and vanishes, teleporting back to Chrona.

Phoebe sighs as she turns back to the table full of expectant gazes, who now see only her returning without Jason and Belial.

_My husband can be such a handful._ Phoebe thinks.