Part 066: Humanity's Potential

Beelzebub yanks the front door open, releasing a small amount of his frustration on its wooden frame. Unfortunately, the dark-skinned human woman on the other side didn't anticipate his actions. She gets yanked inward and crashes into the Duke of Inferno, knocks him over, and lands on top of him.

Rosalia jumps out of the way. "Oh my gosh! Are you alright, Mister Beelzebub?"

The woman shakes wooziness from her head and climbs off Beelzebub, then pats dust from her white dress. Her deep aquamarine eyes laser onto the Duke, and she snaps at him. "What sort of barbarian barges through a door without checking to see if there's someone on the other side? Did you need to pull it with such force?"

Beelzebub jumps to his feet. He barely registers the woman's poofy dress sleeves or the white bow in her hair. "Vermin. Mind your tongue. You're the one who was lollygagging and holding onto the handle like your life depended on it. Gah! Now my suit is filthy!"

The woman stares at him, her eyes widening every second. "I beg your pardon? I don't care if you're a demon or not, that's no way to speak to another person! Who are you? What's your name?"

Beelzebub smirks. "You damned sow. You're a thick one! Rosalia already said my name. You're speaking to none other than the new master of this estate! Show some respect, or I'll burn out your tongue."

Rosalia whips her head back and forth from Beelzebub to the human woman. _Oh dear, this is escalating quickly. One minute we were touring the building to let Mister Beelzebub blow off some steam, and now he's thinking of torturing a woman. His mood changes on a dime!_

"You're our new master?" The woman flips her long, pink hair back. "Humpf. I heard we were bringing in a tiny little Baron, but you're even more pathetic than I expected. You must be overcompensating for something with all that bottled up rage."

"Baron? I'm a Duke!" Beelzebub puffs up his chest, rises to his full height, and towers two feet over her. "You're speaking to Beelzebub, Duke of Inferno, and right now, I'm debating whether I should sear your bones to ash."

The woman rests her hands on her hips. "I'm _sorry,_ did someone put poison in your milk this morning? You whine like a baby. Anyway, if you know what's good for you, you'll think twice about laying a hand on my beautiful skin."

Beelzebub sets his jaw. Two small flames ignite in each palm. "I'm the master here. As such, I can do whatever I please to slaves. A little pain might knock some humility into you."

The woman doesn't back down. "My father is Benjamin Brown, the head steward. I'm his second-born daughter. If you hurt me, let alone kill me, a thousand years of torment await you, foolish little demon."

Embers smolder in Beelzebub's eyes. "I've had quite enough of your insults. Words don't work on your type."

He raises his hand and aims his palm at the woman. She flinches slightly. "You wouldn't."

"Apologize," Beelzebub says. A tone of warning appears in his voice. "And make it count. I'm in quite a terrible mood right now. I want to see some groveling."

The fire begins to burn hotter in his hand. She takes a step back. "I'd... I'd sooner die. You're nothing to me."

"Oh? You'd prefer to die, hmm? _That can be arranged._"

Rosalia cries out in alarm. "Mister Beelzebub! Don't lose your temper!"

The Duke ignores Rosalia. An instant later, he sends a ball of fire at the woman. It flies past her head and slams onto the floor outside, shaking the door from the force of its explosion.

She stares at him in shock for a moment, but her adrenaline quickly wears off. "I-I knew you wouldn't do it. Even you have enough sense to fear my father."

"I hit my target," Beelzebub says with a smirk. "Say, what's that dreadful odor?"

The woman gasps. The stench of burning hair begins to fill the air. She drops into a crouch and swats at her hair quickly. "No, no! Stop! Put it out!!"

Rosalia ignores Beelzebub and steps toward the woman, quickly putting out her blazing hair. "Mister Beelzebub, you need to stop! Picking on some human woman isn't-"

"Shut up!" Beelzebub snarls. "I don't intend to kill her, but some humiliation will put this harlot in her place."

Beelzebub shoves Rosalia aside and grabs the woman by her hair. "Aaaiee! Let me go! What the hell is wrong with you?!"

Beelzebub licks his lips. "I'll start by burning all your clothes off. Then I'll put some marks on your face that makeup can't hide. After that, perhaps some permanent mutilation is in order. I hope you weren't planning to use your arms in the future."

Her eyes widen. "You're sick! Perverted!"

"BEELZEBUB!" A voice roars from across the room, making the Duke flinch. Beelzebub turns his head back and raises an eyebrow when he sees Benjamin Brown standing in the hallway. "Take your hands off Lily!"

Beelzebub doesn't release her. "Shut up, old man. Go back to your dinner. I'm done talking with the likes of you."

Benjamin looks at his daughter for only a moment. Then he returns his gaze to Beelzebub. "I'm tired of your piss-poor attitude, Duke of Inferno. The way Master Agares spoke of you, I expected an inexperienced demon who would light a path for others to follow. All I see now is some worthless punk who preys on the weak and defenseless."

Beelzebub smiles. He hurls Lily to the ground, bashing her head against the tiled floor in the process. "Perhaps I should pick on someone my own size, like you? Hahahaha."

Bael and Mephisto emerge from behind Benjamin. The big demon smacks his lips loudly and stuffs another chicken leg in his face. "Whoa, you gunna fight him, miffter Brown? You're a little old to be tusslin', ain'tcha?"

The bald man takes ten steps toward Beelzebub and stops twenty feet away. He cracks his neck. "It's good that I'm rusty. I wouldn't want to break this buffoon in half too quickly."

Beelzebub's grin widens. "Hahaha! Do you intend to fight me? I'm fine with that, little rat. You and the rest of the humans here seem to think you're the meanest part of the hellhound. How about I knock all of you down a few pegs?"

Ben reaches up and pulls his tuxedo top off, then flicks it to the side. He doesn't say a word.

Suddenly, Beelzebub goes flying to the side. He hits the wall with enough force to break his arm. Whatever hit him moved too fast for his eyes to follow.

Rosalia gasps. "Sweet devils!"

Beelzebub shakes delirious fog from his head. Something grabs him by the back of his suit's neck and flings him across the room opposite the entrance. While flying, he barely catches sight of Benjamin Brown's face. The Duke smashes into a statue of Agares and breaks several more bones, along with a chunk of the statue's base.

He breathes for a moment and heals his body before clambering to his feet. "What are you, an enhanced human?"

Bael chuckles. "Oh, this is gonna be good."

Beelzebub's eyes dart toward the blur of movement rushing at his face. He doesn't bother to dodge. Benjamin piledrives the Duke's head with enough force to shatter concrete, sending Beelzebub skidding across the floor.

"H-hit him, daddy!" Lily's voice echoes through the room. "Make that little shithead pay!" Ben's daughter howls excitedly and pumps her fist.

Rosalia takes a step back. "Hey. Watch your mouth, fleshbag. Mister Beelzebub might have acted poorly, but you're at fault too."

"Stuff it, fatso." Lily shoots a look of disdain at the demon girl. "It doesn't surprise me that you're hanging around with that sourpuss. A lardass like you is probably the best he could get."

"W-what?" Rosalia's face whitens. "Th-that's horrible. You're horrible! Beelzebub was right!"

Rosalia's eyes fly open. She jumps at Lily and starts hitting her. "Stupid bitch! You think you're so pretty, with your fancy clothes and hair! I'll tear your fucking eyes out!" 

Lily and Rosalia launch into a catfight, with the human desperately fighting the demon off while the demon rips and tears at her clothes. 

However, Beelzebub ignores them entirely. He yawns audibly after healing his body again. "Was that a punch? I didn't feel it at all. Got anything stronger?"

Ben rubs his fist. "Every time I hit you, it's like punching a sack of wet potatoes. I'm guessing you regenerate your body passively. Pain suppression, too."

"Good guess," Beelzebub quips. "I'm glad we're becoming such fast friends."

Benjamin presses his foot into the ground and leaps forward, moving with the speed of a cheetah. This time, Beelzebub dodges, and Ben's fist smashes through a wall and rattles dirt loose from the ceiling above. When he pulls back, he rubs his hand. "Are you getting serious, now?"

Beelzebub's eyes travel from Benjamin's face to his fist. His skin is chunked off, and something catches the Duke of Inferno's eye. "Your fist. It's made of metal?"

"I told you... I'm not like the other humans you've slain and tortured in the Labyrinth. You haven't any clue how scary humans can be, nor the heights we once reached. My metallic endoskeleton is a daily reminder of the lengths humanity will go in their quest for domination."

"Endoskeleton?" Beelzebub rubs his chin. "Explain."

"Nah. I let my fists do the talking."

Ben raises his hand to his eye. Beelzebub's stomach quivers as the human presses his eyeball and pulls his finger away. His iris shifts color to red, and a targeting laser emits, pointing directly at Beelzebub's chest.

"If you want to be the Master of this house, you'll have to beat me first, _boy_."

Beelzebub takes a step back and raises his right hand, then forms it into the shape of a gun. "_Bang._"

A bullet of fire shoots out and strikes Benjamin directly in the face. The man gasps involuntarily and staggers backward, but immediately rights himself. His skin melts away, revealing more metal on his skull beneath.

Bael shivers. "Oooh. There it is. 'Member the supersoldiers, Mephisto?"

The Duke of Mist titters to himself. "Keh keh keh. Vanguardsss. Not many humansss sssurvived the bionic attachment processs. Only Missster Brown could ssskip the rejection medicine."

Bael smiles, and a look of admiration appears in his eyes. "Maybe after he finishes with Beelzebub, Ben'll go a round with me."

"Perhapsss."

Beelzebub fires more heat bullets at Ben, but the cyborg ducks and dodges each one as his targeting sensors adapt to the Duke's firing patterns. He pivots left and right, then leaps at Beelzebub, batting away the demon's hand with a violent slap.

Ben stabs his hand forward and jams into Beelzebub's chest. He evaluates the Duke's body for all of two seconds, then tears the Duke's heart out and jumps away.

Beelzebub stumbles for a second, then flops to the ground. He doesn't say anything for a moment, but eventually picks himself up once his heart regenerates. "Great. Now there's a big, bloody hole in my suit."

The human stares at Beelzebub's heart in his hand. "I knew your regeneration was rapid, but that didn't take five seconds. I always thought Satan had the fastest time to full restoration, but you're well above his level."

"Thanks," Beelzebub replies. "By the way, I don't usually apologize, but I'm sorry."

Ben raises his head to scrutinize Beelzebub's face. "About what?" 

A moment later, his attention jerks back to the heart as it begins to vibrate. Ben catches Beelzebub off-guard by flinging the beating organ at the Duke. It explodes in Beelzebub's face, blasts him backward, and knocks him on his ass.

"Interesting. Your cells ignited an endothermic reaction. It appears you can manipulate the weak nuclear force. No, the strong nuclear force. Both? Either way, your powers are quite varied. Fire manipulation, nuclear manipulation, and an incredible self-regeneration factor."

Beelzebub lays on the ground for several seconds before hopping to his feet. "Correct. Bael and Mephisto were forced to give up, even after they 'defeated' me. It's impossible to defeat my healing factor."

"Nothing is impossible. Demonic powers come from spiritual energy. The lower your energy, the weaker your powers, and the lower your regeneration. You're not as invincible as you think."

Ben changes his stance. He bends at the knees and aims his palm at Beelzebub. "I have a pretty good idea of your abilities, now."

"Going to put me in my place, are you?" 

The old man doesn't reply. Instead, he lunges at Beelzebub and kicks his foot into the floor, sending chunks of tiling at the demon. Beelzebub doesn't flinch, but instead anticipates Ben's movement, dodging a grab at his neck a moment later.

"Your movements seemed fast at first," Beelzebub says, "but I can see through them."

"To see through my attacks, you would have to be enlightened. Sadly, you are ignorant... about a great many things."

Ben hops backward and takes a sword from a weapon rack against the wall, then readies himself to strike.

Beelzebub covers his mouth in a mock display of surprise. "Oh no. An antiquated weapon. Hack all you like. You haven't the stamina to beat me."

The cyborg jumps forward with incredible speed, and Beelzebub watches the sword, waiting for Ben to chop downward. Instead, Ben stabs it at the Duke's foot, making Beelzebub jerk his leg back. Before Beelzebub can regain his footing, Ben grabs the demon's neck and lifts him over his head, then slams him against the floor, shaking the chamber.

"Perhaps you're right, young one. I don't have as much vitality as I did in my youth, but _you_ do."

Beelzebub tugs and pulls at the metal hand gripping his throat, but Ben's grip is like a vice. An unfamiliar sensation comes over the demon, as if he were breathing through his neck. An alarming amount of spiritual energy begins to suck through Benjamin's palm. A moment later, the old man's skin all across his body regenerates, covering his endoskeleton everywhere it's exposed.

"E-energy draining?" Beelzebub's eyes widen. He gags and struggles even more, but his strength begins to slip. "What... kind of... power... is this?"

"There's a reason that even Bael respects me, child. Vanguards were the mightiest infantry corps among humanity's legions, and I was the strongest among them. I'm uniquely suited to battling your kind. Remember when I warned you that your regeneration wasn't infallible? That's because it relies on your spiritual energy. Once I drain it from you, you'll be defenseless."

Beelzebub's mind begins to swim. _Damn. I can't get him off me. I... I have to switch tactics!_

He closes his eyes, and opens them a moment later. A light as bright as the sun shoots out, bounces around the chamber, and blinds everybody inside. Bael and Mephisto yell in pain. Rosalia screams as well. Then, while Ben is blinded, Beelzebub forms a solar-whip and-

"Ah ah ah," Ben says, interrupting Beelzebub's plan. He smiles, and Beelzebub realizes that Ben didn't even blink from his solar flash. Ben uses his free hand to grab and crush Beelzebub's wrist before he can create his whip. "My vision is augmented. Did you think you could blind me and attack while I was disoriented? Parlor tricks don't work on a Vanguard."

Terror appears in Beelzebub's heart. Boiling rage replaces it immediately afterward. "Stinking filthy RAT! You won't defeat me!"

Deep in Beelzebub's mind, he imagines all his new powers. One appears that he hasn't tested yet, but considering his predicament, now is the perfect moment.

_Smoke form._

After forming two signs with his free hand, Beelzebub coughs, and all the oxygen in his body vanishes. Fire engulfs his skin, causing him to explode into smoke.

Ben topples forward, lands on his stomach, and stares in shock. "What the-?!"

Beelzebub pops into existence ten feet away. He gasps for breath and trembles shakily. "Kahaha... I... I hope you enjoyed the taste of my energy, insect. It's time I stopped fooling around."

Hopping to his feet, Ben smiles. "Full of surprises, aren't you? I didn't realize you were taking it easy on this poor old man. It's about time you gave me a challenge."

A hundred thoughts flash through Beelzebub's mind. "Your skin is little more than a fake covering for your outer shell, but you possess human body parts. A brain, for instance. The wonderful thing about the human body is that it melts quite deliciously under the power of fire."

Beelzebub smiles. "Barring that, I'll melt your metal carapace into slag."

Ben shakes his head. "You will try."

Beelzebub inhales, and his body warms a hundred degrees in a single second. Three more seconds pass. Fire surrounds him and envelops him in an infernal cloak. The heat in the room increases in intensity from mildly uncomfortable to painful. 

Rosalia, having beaten Lily senseless, wipes her forehead and drags the woman out the door. "Go... get that son of a bitch... Mister Beelzebub."

Bael ignores the heat, given his imperviousness to fire, but Mephisto shrinks back and slinks into the dining room to avoid the heat. Benjamin also retreats a few steps. "Gods."

Beelzebub doesn't let up. As the flames spiral around his body and grow more and more intense, he paces toward Ben. "I thought you were unstoppable. What's the matter? _Can't take the heat_?"

The cyborg gasps as the flames break a thousand degrees. He activates an energy shield around his body, but it proves useless against the temperature and fizzles out. A popping sound in his body echoes off the walls. 

Suddenly, Benjamin stumbles backward. He clutches his stomach and wheezes. 

"M-my compensators..."

Beelzebub forms another solar whip. He raises it above his head and lunges it at the human. The tip lashes across Ben's chest and boils away his skin, making a hissing sound like a cobra in the process.

Ben doesn't wince or show any pain, but the next time Beelzebub lashes out the whip, he dives to the side and activates a cloaking device to turn invisible, then dashes away.

Crackling sounds indicate his presence, along with a shimmer of movement rushing through the heat. Beelzebub smiles. "Ah ah ah, don't try to flee through the door. I'm not done with you."

Beelzebub quickly shoots a heat bullet at the entrance, and when the bullet impacts, he fireports over, blocking the exit before Ben can leave. The cyborg's invisible body screeches to a halt. He retreats to try and get some distance from Beelzebub's fire cloak.

"F-fine! I'll admit defeat! You win!"

Ben turns visible once again. Already his skin is beginning to fizzle and bubble while the intense heat melts his insides to mush.

Beelzebub shakes his head. "No. I own this estate. I own you. I won't forgive your insolence. After I cut you apart, I'll turn your daughters and sons to ash, and your wives, and anyone else in my way. I am Beelzebub, the Duke of Inferno. My power is an explosion of rage, and you've infuriated me like no other."

Bael stomps across the hall. "Beelzebub! That's enough!" The massive demon steps in between Beelzebub and Ben, blocking some of the heat from affecting the cyborg. Ben shudders to a stop and slumps over on the ground as his internal compensators overheat.

The Duke of Inferno scowls at Bael. "Get out of my way. I'm through with having you lot tell me what to do."

Bael lifts his chin and peers down at his junior, who has grown to nearly his same height. "Benjamin is an honored guest. There's a treaty. If you wanna fight him, you'll have to go through me."

Beelzebub _snerks_. "I already proved you couldn't beat me, meathead."

"Yeah? Don't make me turn into a Balrog. You won't like me when I'm angry."

Beelzebub and Bael eye each other for several long seconds. 

Finally, Beelzebub exhales. His flames die down, and the heat in the room lowers immediately.

"Very well. I've proven my point. You won't be around forever to protect this human. If Benjamin Brown insults me again, I can't promise his safety."

"Then I can't promise yours."

"Is that a threat?"

"Yup."

The two demons stare each other down for a few moments before the younger one pivots on his heel and heads out the door. "Make your bed with humans, if you please. Someday, I will be Emperor, and I will not forget those who mocked and scorned me."

He slams the door shut.

After Beelzebub leaves, Bael turns and kneels to Ben's level. "Hey, pal, you alive?"

A grinding noise inside Benjamin's body offers the only indication of his continuing life. The cyborg wheezes for breath and his thoughts turn to mush as he tries to understand Bael's question.

"Great. Here, take my energy. We'll get you all fixed up, okay? Sorry I didn't step in sooner. Thought you had 'im playing defense."

Bael lifts Benjamin's palm and places it on his neck, but it takes several seconds for the cyborg's systems to reboot enough that he can drain energy. Once he does, though, life springs back into his eyes. His internal organs repair themselves somewhat, and his biological tissue regenerates, but his metal parts whirr clunkily and click together.

Ben's breath comes in ragged gasps. "G-goddamn. Beelzebub is strong. Was he toying with me the whole time? I thought you said he was inexperienced."

"He is," Bael growls. "Kuh. Can't believe it. Never thought I'd see you go down in a one-on-one matchup, not even against an Emperor. Well, okay, maybe Satan, but that's different."

Benjamin lays motionless on the floor. "I need repairs. That damn Duke screwed up most of my internal systems. Cripes... I'll have to talk to Ose again."

"Uh huh." Bael cocks his head. "What _did_ you say to piss her off?"

"I don't know. Something about the mutual culpability between humans and demons when it came to neverending war."

"Cull-puh-bill-uh-tee? The fuck is that?"

"Never mind." Ben pulls himself into a sitting position and rubs his chest. "I'm glad you saved me, Bael. I nearly died. I'm old as hell and rusty beyond belief. I haven't fought anyone since the end of the Energy Wars."

Bael waves his hand flippantly. "Psh, ain't nothin' to it. That pup's lucky he didn't fight you a hundred thousand years ago. You'd have torn him a new asshole! I'm gonna getcha back into fightin' shape; then you'll stomp him flat. It'll be just like the good old days!"

Ben shakes his head. "No, sorry, friend. I don't feel like fighting anymore. I want to return to tending my garden and keeping the estate clean. That's all."

Several moments pass. Bael lowers his head. "Oh."

Mephisto slinks over from the dining room's doorway. "I'm sssurprisssed you lossst, Missster Brown."

Neither Ben nor Bael reply. Both of them stare silently at the ground. Eventually, Ben speaks, but he ignores Mephisto's statement. "War is coming. If Beelzebub fights, that hothead will destroy everything we've built. I wish he understood the consequences of plunging the Labyrinth into war. He may have power over flames, but if he keeps his antics up, he'll be the one who's burned."

"The Overlordsss..."

Ben looks to his left at Mephisto. "Yeah. The Overlords."

Bael shakes his head. "They're busy with galaxy stuff. That's why I want your help, Ben. We've gotta get this Hero kid under control. If he catches the Overlord's attention..."

"You don't have to tell me twice." Ben says. He struggles to stand, and Bael helps him up. "I'll send a courier to fetch Ose. I hope she isn't too busy to help out little old me. Being the Third Emperor, and all."

Mephisto's eyes glow redder than usual. "If Ossse can't repair you, Marie might have the resssourcesss."

Ben shakes his head. "Pass. We haven't been on speaking terms for ages. Besides, you know Marie. She's probably the one who freed that Hero. Her schemes caused our breakup."

Bael sighs. "Maybe. Dunno. I haven't seen her in a long time."

"Same." Ben fans his face. "It's hot as hell in here. Let's air the Spire out."

"Sure."

When they step outside, Ben's eyes laser onto his unconscious daughter, whose dress was torn to shreds by Rosalia. Her face is black and blue from the demoness's barrage.

Ben stares at her for two seconds. He balls his hand into a fist. "Bastard."

---

**Author Note:**

**[Check out this artwork for Beelzebub, Belial, Ose, Lily, and Rosalia!](https://www.patreon.com/posts/demon-throne-31419548)**