Part 27: The Overlords, Power Overwhelming

"Oh, most splendid, Your Holiness!" Roland gawks as we exit the hospital. The automatic opening glass doors once appeared as wizardry to him, but he's already moved onto bigger things. "By the Forefathers! What are those giant square boxes?!"

Roland points across the street, and I chuckle. "Those are buildings, just like the hospital. Take a look behind you."

When Roland turns around and grasps the scale of the twenty-story hospital, his eyes bulge. "By the Forefathers!" 

He says that a lot.

Phoebe quickly covers up her mouth to hide a smile. She's always careful to make sure it doesn't seem like she's mocking Roland. "Oh, Your Grace, don't you suppose we should take mister Roland to the Core? We need to find out what the situation is on his homeworld."

Roland doesn't register her words for a few moments. Instead, he gawks at a Salamander racing past with a Minotaur riding atop it. While it's an occurrence I've grown used to seeing, Roland isn't accustomed to all the different species of monsters here on Tarus II. We convinced him that this planet is one where Gods and Humans intermingle, which seemed reasonable enough to satisfy his questions, but even the Harpy doctor frightened him at first. He thought she was a human, one cursed with feathers and a beak.

When Roland finally comprehends Phoebe's words, he nods quickly. "Oh, oh yes, of course. I should very much like to save anyone from my village, if possible, but..." He trails off as the wonder and excitement drain from his face.

_I want to know what happened, but they're probably all dead,_ his body language says. _It doesn't matter now, anyway. Nothing but heartache awaits._

Phoebe notices his gloom and doom and winks at me. A moment later, she steps out to the street and whistles. A small goblin comes running up breathlessly from two blocks away, and when he arrives, he pulls out a pen and pad of paper. "Yes! Ready help you!"

She whispers something in his ear, and the short little monster grunts and jots down a note. "Of course! Be back soon!"

After the lean-mean-green-bean dashes away, Phoebe walks back over, and I raise a questioning eyebrow. "What was that about?"

"You'll see."

We continue to stand out near the sidewalk until a few minutes later, when a rumbling in the distance catches my ear. I immediately recognize it, as does Phoebe, but it isn't until the sound becomes louder that it grabs Roland's attention. He glances fearfully to the rear of the hospital. "What is that?"

Neither of us answers, and after a few more seconds, the thing making the noise sputters into view. It's the local bus, one of the things I built to speed up transit around the city, though this one's route reaches as far as the warp-gate.

Roland's eyes swell into saucers as the wheeled metallic rectangle takes a hard corner and turns around the lane, heading toward us. Roland grabs for the sword at his side, only to awkwardly realize we didn't give him one, so he instead ducks behind me. "Your Holiness! What is that?!"

"It's a bus, friend. Think of it like a horse made of metal. It will take us to the Core."

He nods, but the distrust on his face is palpable. "It sounds like an angry lion!"

Phoebe glares at me. "Hmph."

The bus slows to a stop in front of us, and the doors slide open to reveal one of the few Kobolds that lives on Tarus II. Most of them stay in the Labyrinth, but a few friendlies hang out here. "Gargh! Hop on whenever yuh pleashe, mishter King, shir!"

Phoebe climbs the stairs and walks inside, but Roland hesitates. "Y-you expect me to enter the mouth of this beast?!"

I nod and slap the metal exterior with my hand. "This bad boy can fit _so_ many passengers. Treat it like a huge tool. It isn't alive at all. Come on, now; you've got a God with you! What do you think could hurt someone as powerful as me?"

Roland nods, even as his eyes rove the bus. "I-it is as you say, Your Holiness."

He cautiously touches the first step, then starts to enter, but the Kobold grins at him, baring its teeth. "Take yer time! 'Aven't got uh thing tuh worry about with me ash yur driver, mishter hooman!"

Roland hesitates when he sees the vicious snarling mouth of the kobold, but I nudge him forward. "He won't bite, and if he does, I'll knock him out."

"If you say so."

...

Minutes later, the bus putters down the streets toward a recently constructed bridge that divides each side of the canyon. However, the kobold driver spins us around and takes us toward a smooth four-lane path meant for vehicles. Right now, the only things on the street are buses and pedestrians, but I figure that given enough time, we may have dozens or even hundreds of cars on the road.

The Crown of Solomon is a wondrous item. Other than the limits of my Wordsmithing, I can create devices of infinite intricacy and push Tarus II's technology lightyears ahead in exponential jumps. When we started, this planet was scarcely at the Medieval level, and now it's rapidly becoming Industrial.

Still, Wordsmithing isn't the be-all, end-all I sometimes imagine it to be. There's a limit to how much I can create, thanks to my internal magic capacity. I have to think of a way to increase my limiter, or the Space Age may never happen.

Roland, sitting across the aisle from Phoebe and me, stares outside as we pass varying monsters and humans of all different breeds and colors. "Your Holiness, forgive my limited imagination, but how is it that all these disparate people can work together when they are so different from one another? Do you not have to deal with infighting, greed, or cruelty?"

I shake my head. "In the world I came from, that was a daily struggle. However, monsters do not judge each other based on appearance, but on their merits. Humans, likewise, having to live among monsters, have forced themselves to focus less on appearances and more on the individual."

My answer satisfies Roland, but as he looks away, a thought swells in my mind. _While that might be the case now, I can't say it will stay that way forever. I can only hope everyone continues to work together._

An adage appears in my mind as the treeline approaches. _Humanity always requires an adversary. We hunger for an enemy and will invent one if we must. If none can be created or found, then we will fade into nothingness._

"What are you thinking about?" Phoebe asks. "Your expression is graver than usual."

The bus illuminates the forest around us with waves of sound, allowing me to take in all of the sights at once. "Oh, you know. Dumb, boring stuff."

...

Twenty minutes later, we arrive at our destination. 

As he exits the bus, Roland yells out in surprise. "By the Forefathers! Another Sacred Arch!" He points at the warp-gate and hops up and down excitedly. "And look, monsters and humans are moving about inside!"

I nod. "The Warp-Gate allows us to travel great distances in an instant. This one leads to what we call 'The Core,' which will have another gate that takes us back to your world."

Roland seems to be growing accustomed to unfamiliar technology and things he hasn't seen before. If I had to guess, he must be filling in blank spots in his experience with an idea like, 'Oh yes, that's just more strange magic!'

This time, he surprises me by quickly stepping through the portal before Phoebe and I. His eagerness to see his homeworld proves infectious. Once she and I step through, however, I smirk when we arrive on the other side to find him hunched over, moaning in pain and rubbing his ears. The air-pressure change can be quite a shock to the uninitiated.

I leave Roland with Phoebe and jog down to the arena below, past rows of computer terminals. Various monsters point me this way and that until I spot Neil, identifying him by the odd 18th-century hat he likes to wear.

"Neil, long time no see."

He ignores me for a moment and mutters to the goblin sitting at the terminal in front of him, "No, not that way. You have to calculate the inverse. Try it again, but make sure you apply the parameters from B-24L."

The goblin nods and starts poking at the screen again. Neil lifts his head to look at me. "Ah, My Liege! A pleasure to see you up and moving! I heard you overexerted yourself and were undergoing bed rest."

I rub the back of my head sheepishly. "I was in a coma for three days."

Neil's face pales. "What?! Your condition was that serious?"

"Yeah, but no worries, I learned the hard way that my magic has limitations. I can't use it too much, and it doesn't increase the more I do. Unfortunate."

Neil wipes his face. "Yes... yes, I see. Well, it's good that you're back. I suppose you want me to brief you on what's occurred over the past few days?"

I shake my head. "Nah, you've got that covered pretty well. If you needed me, I'd know. I came here because I'm curious about Roland's world. You know, the fellow who was babbling incoherently."

"Oh." Neil's expression darkens. "We conducted several scans, but all results for life turned up inconclusive. Electrical storms plague the planet, and they aren't naturally occurring. I thought it best to disable our connection until you returned."

"Smart idea," I mutter. "Alright. Change one of the portals to that planet. Err, what's it called, again?"

He shrugs. "It's in the Espurn system, Espurn 03. Since it's the only habitable world, I decided to call it Espurn Prime."

"Works for me. Get a connection running. I'll grab Roland."

I turn and walk away, and as I head over to Roland, I notice him and Phoebe talking to Kar and Makoto Ueda. Makoto nods politely and rubs his hands together. "-course, I wouldn't blame you in the slightest, Roland-san. Hmm. It seems possible to me that your boys escaped, though we cannot say for certain. Mister Adams is the one who runs the Core, so he will know more about your world than I ever could."

Kar grunts. "Hurgh. We will do all in our power to help you find your family, Flappy Fish." He notices me walking over. "Turtle! White-hair tells me that you were in a coma! How are you feeling now?"

"Fine, about as good as always. I overexerted myself using too much magic. It turns out I could die if I go overboard." 

"Watch yourself, and stride forward with great caution, Hiro-sama." Makoto bows slightly. "Magic is not something to trifle with."

"Oh, you know a thing or two about it?"

He nods. "Of course, as does Mister Adams, Miss Berthold, and all of the humans who lived under Mistress Bahamut's influence. Miss Berthold, for example, can sense the presence of magic nearby."

I glance at Phoebe. "You can?"

She shrugs and looks at Makoto. "I can?"

"Yes, yes, of course! You've done it before but just haven't realized it. Putting your life on the line under His Majesty, King Arthur, would surely have strengthened your spiritual connection to new heights. Bahamut's power increased it further." Makoto gently touches his forehead. "Should you ever wish to explore your inner wells of spirituality, seek me out."

I chuckle. "Funny you mention that. The doctor recommended I seek out a magic tutor. The universe is full of coincidences."

"Very few coincidences, most likely fate," Makoto replies with a sagely twinkle in his eye.

The sound of footsteps behind me makes me turn my attention to Neil as he walks over. "Uh, My Liege... a moment of your time?"

I excuse myself and sigh, walking back to Neil. "That was fast. I expected it'd take you a few minutes to open the gate."

Despite my pleasant smile, Neil doesn't return the expression. "L-listen... err... about... about that world... there's a problem."

"A problem? Like what?"

Neil gestures to the computer screen. "Take a look."

I allow a few seconds to pass before replying, "Man, you _know_ I can't read computer screens... right?"

---

The screams of pain around me cause my stomach to clench. I pace through the darkened Labyrinthian hallways, and Bael stomps along behind me.

"Diablo, where'd they stick him?" Bael asks.

"The blood pits. It will take months to heal his wounds unless Belial shows up." I swallow hard as the smell of healing salts and rotten flesh fills the air.

The healing chambers are a vile place. The few demons capable of restoring life congregate nearby, but demonic magic is meant for taking life, not treating it. Broken stone benches and scratches all over the walls tell tales of demons who lashed out in pain and tore apart anything in sight. Blind rage tends to be the trait many of us share.

I stop before the main chamber, one which branches off into dozens of rooms and tunnels, stairs leading up and down, and a pulley system for raising and lowering the wounded through various levels to get them where they're most needed. A female scream pierces the din, and several voices rush to quiet her so that she doesn't disturb the other patients. I can only imagine the suffering she's enduring.

An imp notices me and skitters over. "E-Emperor Diablo! A pleasure to see you, your wickedness! How may I serrrve you today? Nyehehe!"

"Where's the Duke of Steel?"

The imp's sneer vanishes. "Ohh, you're here about _him_. Hooo boy. Uhh, I'll get Hellga."

The imp skitters off to grab the magistrate of the Primary Chamber, a crotchety old demon as old as Agares. Her ire is something few wish to draw, in case they ever get injured and end up under her care. While she will heal anyone's wounds without bias... her interest in treating a patient's injuries _gently_ will depend on how they've sweet-talked her over the years.

Bael sneaks over to one of the rooms where a Skarnskin drapes over the entrance, but before he can sneak a peek at whoever's inside, I hiss at him. "Bael! Mind your manners! It's dishonorable to gaze upon a demon at their weakest!"

The Duke of Pain bows his head sheepishly. "Oh. Uh. Sorry." He lumbers back over to me, scratching his ass all the whole time. "It's funny to startle them, though."

"One of these days you'll probably end up in here. Show respect to others so they will respect you." I wave my hand at him flippantly. "Nobody likes a dunce."

Bael is unconvinced. "I doubt there's anyone left in the universe that could hurt this perfect body! Check me out! Wargh! Raww!" He pounds his chest to show off his incredible strength, so I infuse a decent amount of magic into my hand.

"There are Emperors above you, idiot." Saying this, I slap my palm into his chest and bash him against the floor, driving the wind out of his body.

"Kuhk!" He waves to swat my hand away, but I've already pulled back. Watching him writhe on the floor makes me smile for a moment, taking my mind off the sorrow I feel. "Buh-bastard! I wasn't prepared! Tuh-tricked me!!"

"No matter how strong you are, having zero magic means I'll always defeat you. Keep that in mind next time you decide to embarrass me in public."

I ignore the oaf rolling about on the ground. The sound of clacking platform shoes catches my ear. Up ahead, the old bat appears from around the corner, her bedraggled grey hair and toothless scowl displaying her annoyance openly for all to see.

"Ah, beautiful Hellga, it's been a while."

She glares at me. "Flattery will get you nowhere. Whaddya want? I was busy cleaning the Skarn droppings out of a kobold's insides. Damned fool thought they were food pellets!"

My lip curls up slightly. "That's... wonderful. I need to see Barbatos. Can you direct me to his blood pit?"

Her disgust vanishes. Melancholy replaces it. "Ah, him. So that's why the little skeever kept pestering me. Follow me."

Hellga's change in attitude stresses me out. _Barbatos must be in critical condition._

Bael staggers into place behind me, still clutching his chest. He doesn't say anything, but I feel his glare burning the back of my head.

...

It takes us twenty minutes to navigate the maze of chambers and rooms, mostly because of Hellga. She doesn't handle stairs as well as she used to, and she frequently stops to check on patients as we walk. When I ask if we can get a move on, she glares at me. "It ain't like Barbatos will be going anywhere for a long time, boyo."

Finally, we arrive at the Blood Pits. So-named because of the mass of human blood poured into hollowed out pits in the ground, they're the best healing that demons have access to, barring someone of Belial's healing talents. She's an extreme rarity, given she can treat nearly any wound with magic. Her power borders on the Angelic, since it was a standard ability that most Angels and Gods used to possess.

Until we killed them all, that is.

Hellga pulls a Skarnskin away from the door. "Keep it short. Don't bother talking. He's incoherent."

When I enter, my foot clumsily bumps a large, steel boot. The clanking it creates makes me flinch, and then I spot all the other armor pieces lying around the room: a shinguard, helmet, gauntlets, and all manner of other demonstone armor designed to absorb damage.

Bael pauses behind me and leans down. "Boss."

I turn back to see what he's pointing out. It's Barbatos's chestplate. There's a fist-sized hole torn straight through its middle.

"Seven Hells."

Continuing forth, I arrive in the pit chamber, where the smell of iron-rich blood makes my tongue salivate. Human souls power demons, while their blood heals us. A beautiful, symbiotic relationship.

The sound of choked breathing catches my attention. I look down and spot Barbatos lying in the blood, most of his body except for his head submerged. Hundreds of scratches and scars line his face, and based on a small bit of his shoulder poking up through the blood; it's in similar condition.

Bael whistles quietly. "So that's what the harlot did to him. He looks like shit."

I shake my head. "Those are all old scars. He suffered those when he transformed into a Duke."

I remember when we first found him. During the War in Heaven, the deadliest extinction event in demon history, the little fool found a dying archangel and devoured her body. Her holy energy caused him endless suffering over the millennia. He's lucky he survived.

Or maybe he isn't. He doesn't complain anymore, but it took several hundred years before he could walk without assistance. He suffers every moment of every day — the most pitiful of all demons.

A hiss from the other side of the room makes me flinch. I look up to see Mephisto peeking at us from one of the sleeping cubbies. "Let  Barbatosss sssleep. Come over here and keep your voicesss down."

I nod. Bael and I walk over to the Duke of Mist, who pulls a skin across the entry to muffle our voices somewhat. "I didn't expect Barbatos to end up this mangled. You fought the Black Witch?"

Mephisto, apparently unharmed, bows his head. "Yesss. Twasss a battle of the agesss. Asss you may know, Agaresss expired."

I swallow hard. "Yes. I never thought I'd see the day when the old man would meet the ancient demons. I can scarcely believe it."

"It wasss a warrior'sss death." Mephisto slinks off the bed and stands to face Bael and me. "Barbatosss held on asss long asss posssible. He usssed every one of his powersss but couldn't ssstop her."

"I heard as much," Bael mutters. He glances at me. "Tell him."

"We notified the Overlords, Mephisto. That dead rock exists no more."

Mephisto's eyes widen. "They dessstroyed the planet? What about Agaresss body?"

"We couldn't recover him. I sealed the planet and made sure the Black Witch couldn't escape. Even if she survived its destruction, she wouldn't be a threat anymore. Let her freeze in the vacuum of space forever for all I care. A fitting end."

Mephisto closes his eyes and looks away. "Agaresss wasss one of our bessst Dukesss. I will sssleep well knowing he wasss put to ressst honorably."

"It's what he'd have wanted," I whisper. "I feel awful for Beelzebub. I haven't told him what happened, yet."

Bael lightly slaps his chest and looks away, a sign of grief. "He's a sturdy lad. I know he'll stand firm for his mentor. Try to tell him softly, Diablo."

Sighing, I pull back the flap to gaze at Barbatos. "We've all lost someone dear. Let us hope we don't count a second brother among the fallen."