Part 379: Foundational Formation Contemplation

Phoebe and Amelia continue heading down into the jungle training world. Once they reach the bottom of the entry ramp and stand amidst the trees and plants, Amelia can't help but feel like the independent world is indeed incredibly lifelike. The smells of damp moss and rainfall mix with the chirping of birds and other sounds of strange and exotic insect life. As for the distant soldiers, their voices are slightly harder to hear than at the top of the ramp, due to all the underbrush blotting out the local sounds.

Phoebe reaches into her pocket and pulls out a tiny handheld communicator. She lifts it to her mouth, holds a trigger on the side, and says, "Phoebe Hiro to Blinker."

Moments later, Blinker replies. "Hey, Phoebe! Are you here?"

"I'm at the entrance. Where are you?"

"I'm with Fiona. Just head to this position..."

Blinker tells Phoebe where to walk, and she nods. After putting away the communicator, she guides Amelia toward a spot deep in the jungle.

"Are we in any danger?" Amelia asks, after hearing the sound of a frightening monster roar less than half a kilometer in the distance.

"We're fine. When people come here, Blinker's formation puts a temporary spell on them that makes them invisible to the wildlife. Only if they're here to train will they intentionally disable it, or if they attack a creature it will disable automatically."

"That's good to hear." Amelia says, glancing in the direction of the previous roar. "As a reminder, I don't actually have any of Amelia's magical powers, so..."

She trails off, but leaves her meaning clear for the world to understand.

Before long, the two women arrive at a large and conspicuous bunker in the forest. Like a blackhead on a snow-white face, the obsidian-colored steel sticks out from the greenery and foliage around it like a sore thumb. At only fifty feet in diameter, it's quite small, but Phoebe explains that it also has an underground resting area for recruits to eat and sleep after their training. Indeed, several officers and cadets linger in the area, their weapons held at the ready in case the local wildlife approaches the bunker.

As soon as they show up, Fiona pops out of the ground and levitates upward, her soul-form easily passing through the terrain without issue. Likewise, Blinker flies down from the sky and lands on Phoebe's shoulder.

"Hi Phoebe! Hey Amelia!" Blinker says. "What brings you to my neck of the woods?"

"Hello, Amelia." Fiona says, faintly smiling while also directing a nod toward her physical self.

"I was talking to Amelia earlier," Phoebe explains, "and she had an interesting idea for another type of training sim that might interest you two."

"Oh? Do tell." Fiona says, fully directing her attention at Amelia.

"It's like this." Amelia explains. "I've been thinking of a way to send people's minds and souls into a training environment that perfectly recreates their abilities, both physical and magical. This would allow humans and demons to engage in virtual wars without suffering any bloodshed. The problem is, I don't have the ability to make such a system. Maybe you two can help me?"

Fiona widens her eyes in surprise. "A virtual battlefield? That's quite an innovative idea. I can see more uses for it than simply training soldiers, too."

Blinker's expression becomes contemplative. She rests her left arm across her legs while rubbing her chin with her right hand.

"Hmm... I don't have the skills to make a formation like that... but my fairy friends are going to arrive on Tarus II pretty soon. If we can get a talented Orc artificer on board, we can probably combine our efforts and make an artifact that does something similar!"

Fiona nods. "Blinker, you told me before that the Fairy Queen is the best formation master of all the fairies. Will she be coming along?"

"Nope." Blinker says. "But her daughter is! Fairy Queen Fae does not tend to leave the Fairy Realm ever, unless necessary. You have to remember that a lot of species want to capture fairies and... do bad things to us. She stays there as a deterrent to those bad people."

"That's unfortunate." Fiona says, frowning. "Maybe we should invite the fairies to Tarus II. I didn't realize your people suffered such hardships."

"It's like that for mermaids and succubi too." Blinker says, throwing her hands up helplessly. "Beauty is a curse. I'm lucky I found such a good guy like Kar... too bad that's a once in a lifetime thing..."

At the mention of Kar's name, the mood becomes momentarily somber. Perhaps sensing she's created an uncomfortable atmosphere, Blinker quickly coughs and changes subjects.

"Err, ahem! Regarding the Fairy Queen, I should probably mention that there isn't strictly _one_ of them. There are actually several Fairy Queens. I'm even considered one, due to inheriting the Sphinx's power. Fairy Queen Fae is just the highest ranking one, so if you do ever encounter her, make sure you don't act as if she's the only one who matters. You might offend the others!"

"Why would there be multiple queens?" Phoebe asks. "Doesn't that seem a little odd?"

"Silly girl!" Blinker laughs. "That's like asking why there are multiple Demon Emperors. 'Fairy Queen' is a title reserved for the most powerful fairies. It's not a title of nobility or birthright, but of strength! Since fairies specialize in illusions, temporal and spatial magic, and formations, Fae is considered the strongest in two of those categories! She's a formation master, and an expert in illusions. Her fighting prowess isn't too high, but when she's bunkered inside her formations, she's untouchable."

"Formation magic sounds pretty incredible." Amelia muses. "How does it work?"

Blinker glances around the jungle.

"Mmm. It's a bit hard to explain... I should just do a demonstration instead. But this place isn't good, let's head back to Tarus II!"

"Alright." Amelia says.

Amelia, Phoebe, Fiona, and Blinker all exit the jungle, allowing the sounds of roaring monsters and animals to fade into the distance. After they leave through the door back to Tarus II, Amelia glances at Fiona.

"I thought you couldn't leave Tarus II's confines? How are you able to travel to the Cube Worlds?"

Fiona turns to Amelia while they walk. "Well, on Tarus II, I require special 'anchors' to maintain my soul-form while away from Jason's Mind Realm. However, the Cube is different. Jason bound his soul to the Cube through the Phoenix, so I can travel there independently. It's a bit complicated, but you probably get the gist."

"Mmm. I guess that makes sense." Amelia replies.

The group of four leaves the military complex entirely and travels toward the northern edge of the city's limits, where few developments exist. After stepping into a lightly wooded area, a place where Beelzebub's explosion didn't actually reach, Blinker finds a clearing in the middle, away from prying eyes.

"Okay! So, this is my Intro To Beginner Formations!" Blinker says, directing her words at Amelia. "Fiona already knows how this works, but you and Phoebe haven't seen me do it before. Check this out."

Blinker closes her eyes. She inhales deeply, then begins turning her head around while keeping her eyes shut. She points her head in several directions, left and right, up and down, forward and backward, all while sitting on Phoebe's shoulder.

"The first step. I have to sense all of the spiritual energy in the surroundings. Usually, beginner fairies will use external mana sources, like mana stones, to set up a formation, but I'm way beyond that. I can use the environment's mana to create one. It's a bit tricky, and it limits what types of formation I can make, but the upside is I don't have to constantly put fresh mana stones into the formation every few days."

Blinker opens her eyes.

"We're on a planet teeming with life. That means a 'life' formation, or a 'wood formation' is the best type to put down. But if we were above a metal deposit, or some precious stone, we could put down a formation of those types. If we were near lava or fire, a heat-type formation would work too. The same is true of lightning, water, and all the other elements."

Blinker points at the grass in the clearing.

"I'm not going to go all out with this formation. I'll just do something simple! I'll make a 'healing formation'!"

Phoebe raises an eyebrow. "You can make something like that? Won't that put Samantha out of work?"

"No, no, silly." Blinker chuckles. "Formations aren't that incredible. Healing formations can certainly allow people to regenerate limbs and their entire body, but the amount of mana required would be bonkers! An environment-type formation like this can, at best, speed up the body's natural healing abilities a little. I already put one over the hospital, but I doubt anyone has even noticed."

"I didn't notice, sorry." Phoebe says with a shake of her head.

"The effects are pretty mild." Blinker explains. "Your blood will clot faster. Your body's natural healing will work more effectively. Oh, and if you get sick, you'll get over it a lot faster too. But healing from cuts or burns, the formation won't help there. Anyway!"

Blinker holds up her finger. She flies off Phoebe's shoulder to the center of the clearing, where she levitates, her wings flapping like a butterfly.

"Most fairies will start by using all sorts of exotic materials and supplements to create formations. For example, if you want to make a fire-type formation, you'd need fiery materials. When you add in stuff like mana stones, these formations can become quite formidable... and expensive! Most high-level fairies don't use external materials for the average formation, though. We consider them crutches. In my case, I'll use my own mana to do all the work!"

"I see." Amelia says. "So you could make extremely strong formations with external items, but they wouldn't be self sustaining and they're expensive to maintain. On the other hand, making a natural formation will align its element to the environment, making it self-sustaining, albeit weaker than a resource-based one."

Blinker nods. "That's right. And for the record, the formations I created to connect the Cube and Tarus II spatially and temporally are resource-based. I have to feed them goodies every week or they'll fall apart. Very inconvenient!"

She shakes her head, then resumes her work. After a few moments, Blinker summons three balls of light above her finger. They spiral around like moons orbiting a planet, before each firing out into different directions, where they land on the ground.

_Weng!_

A chime sounds out when they land, as if produced by the ringing of a bell in the air.

"The first step for a Natural Healing Formation is to place three Synergizing Beads." Blinker explains. "They help align and regulate the formation in a triangle formation. I've spaced each of them out to exactly ten meters from one another, so this will be a fairly tiny formation. But there's an advantage in doing this! Large formations can cover a bigger area, but require more natural energy and have smaller effects. Mini formations are more 'concentrated' and thus can produce better results. If a sick person were to sit inside this completed formation, they'd get over their illness two times faster than if they recuperated inside the formation I made around the hospital."

"That makes sense." Phoebe says with a nod.

After placing the first three orbs of light, Blinker summons nine more orbs, and these change color to green and brown, with the central one being red. Half of them become a square enveloping the triangle of previous beads, while the other half become a diamond resting on the edges of the square formation's lines. Finally, the red bead goes directly in the center of all the previous beads, shining with a bright red light as Blinker places it down, before eventually fading away.

Next, Blinker starts drawing lines between all of the different beads she's placed. However, she doesn't draw a symmetrical pattern, but instead one that vaguely resembles a five-fingered hand with its palm facing upward.

"After placing the Synergizing Beads and Elemental Stabilization Beads, we next draw Symbol Lines. Every formation is different, and the intent behind the lines matters as much as the shape the lines take. In fact, I'd personally say the intent matters way more! I could draw a fist, or a bird, or anything else, and so long as I have images of 'healing' in my mind, the formation will work pretty well. But if the Symbol Lines more closely align with my mental intent, the formation will exert much more strength."

Phoebe raises an eyebrow. "Huh... that sounds a lot like Wordsmithing."

"Pardon?" Blinker asks.

"Well. Jason always says intent is at least half of what makes his Words of Power function. 'Fireball' can mean any sort of flaming ball of fire, but its shape and power will vastly differ based on what image he shapes in his head. It can be small and fast, big and powerful, or even tiny and concentrated, like a railgun round."

Blinker nods slowly. "Hmm. Yeah, I can see the similarities."

After a few moments, she returns her attention to the formation.

"Usually, you wouldn't want to lose your concentration while creating a formation. That will mess up the intent and make it function poorly. The strength could drop by half or more. But luckily, I'm sort of a BIG expert, and this formation is pretty simple, so that's no problem. Now that we've placed the different Beads and drawn the Symbol Lines, we just need to coalesce the terrain's energy, align all the elements in the area, disperse any harmful elements, remove any imperfections, and stabilize the final product..."

Blinker's hands dance in the air, casting out even more beads, drawing more lines, and stacking all sorts of mystical effects onto her newly created formation.

"...Success!" She declares. "The formation is all donezo! If you want, you can cut your finger a little, step inside the formation, and watch it heal. This formation ended up reaching the level of 'Excellent' but it didn't quite reach 'Perfection.' All formations have different tiers of power and effectiveness, ranging from Mediocre to Passable, Effective, Superb, Excellent, and Perfection. I can usually make low-level formations like this one reach the level of Perfection, but my mind wandered a little during the process, so I screwed up."

"Pardon my ignorance," Amelia says, "but these formations seem pretty simple to make. It barely even took you five minutes."

Blinker chuckles. "Well, it's not THAT easy. I spent several millennia learning how to make formations, and mostly spent time on illusions. A tiny one like this is simple, no problem at all. But I spent two whole days working on the one at the hospital! In the end, it reached the level of Superb, so it only boosts a person's innate healing ability by maybe forty percent or so. As for the formations linking Tarus II to the Cube... yikes! I felt like I was going to die. If Fairy Queen Fae were to see them, she'd probably ridicule my shoddy skills. The best one is only Effective, but the worst is Mediocre. You can tell the difference by how your body 'jolts' when traveling to the aquatic biome versus the jungle."

Phoebe nods. "The jungle one is like walking through an open doorway. Direct and simple. But the aquatic biome always makes my head hurt for a few minutes."

"That's because the aquatic biome was way different compared to Tarus II's environment. Trying to synergize the two was a big pain in my butt!" Blinker complains. "It works, but I'll have to consult the other fairies and see if they can improve or even redo the formation from scratch. I'm super untalented with the elements of water and fire."

Amelia bobs her head along to Blinker's words. "So, does that mean my idea for a soul battlefield is impossible to achieve? For you, at least?"

"Yeah... it's a bit beyond my capabilities. But if Fae's daughter is half as good as her mother, don't you worry! We'll think of something. I can see a hundred uses for this sort of fighting simulator!"

"A hundred uses?" Amelia says, confused. "I don't understand. What other uses do you mean?"

"Think about it." Blinker explains. "We're talking about an arena where people can fight to the death without suffering any negative consequences. It won't be limited to humans, so that means demons and monsters can join in. Don't most people love watching big, bloody fights? You could settle disputes by having people beat the heck out of each other! You could set up a special fighting arena championship once a month, letting people duke it out for prizes!"

Phoebe grins. "Blinker's right. This virtual area has a heaping of uses beyond just training our troops. We can also slowly turn it into a camaraderie generator, where humans and other species work together to clear challenges, thus building trust between one another. If nothing else, I'm sure Jason will be excited to hear about it."

"Oh! I hadn't even thought of that." Amelia says, her eyes flashing with insight. "If it can be that useful for all of you, I'd be super happy."

"This is just what we needed to get people acquainted with the upcoming Power Gloves." Fiona says, shaking her fist in front of her chest. "I was worried about how they'd be able to go all-out and train their powers, but with a Soul Simulator, we can give them practical training in real-time."

Blinker flies over to Amelia and lands her feet on her shoulder. She reaches over and pats Amelia's cheek with her tiny hand.

"Great contribution, Amelia! Don't you worry. I'll make sure people start changing their minds about you, pronto!"

The four women turn to walk away. As they start to leave, Amelia jerks her thumb over her shoulder, toward the healing formation.

"Uh, are you going to leave that behind?"

"Of course!" Blinker chirps. "It's not hurting anything. Maybe an injured animal will wander into it and get its wounds healed. Undoing the formation would take some effort, and I'm feeling lazy, so I won't bother."

Blinker continues. "Besides, formations aren't exclusively a 'fairy thing.' They appear all over in nature. Fairies simply decoded how formations work and turned them into one of our core abilities."

"You did?" Phoebe asks, bewildered. "Wait, do you mean _magical formations_ can naturally occur? But... but how?"

"I can answer that." Fiona says, taking a small bit of delight in being able to lord some knowledge over her physical self. "Mana exists everywhere in nature. And wherever mana appears, it has a chance to create basic formations. Life itself shifts from chaos to order, and from order to chaos. When things become orderly, formations can appear, gently assisting the life-forms within their confines in some small way. However, natural formations made by the cosmos are generally much weaker and harder to detect than those made by fairies."

"Order to chaos, and chaos to order..." Phoebe repeats. A frown stretches across her face.

"Hm? Something wrong?" Fiona asks.

"No. No, I just... had this strange moment of Deja Vu." Phoebe says, waving her hand through the air. "It's probably nothing."

Amelia glances at Phoebe. For some reason, the mention of 'chaos' stirs a thought in the back of her mind, but it swiftly vanishes, as if silenced by an external force.

"Huh... how _odd_." Amelia murmurs to herself. "I wonder what that was..."