Part 416: The Stormbringer Tribunal (Part 1)

A hundred stories underground, deep beneath Tarus II's surface, a highly secure prison facility sits, its occupants considered the worst and most vile traitors and enemies of humankind.

If Hope were successful in capturing Mephisto or Yama, they would surely be imprisoned down in these depths. Unfortunately, only a few handfuls of truly evil demons and humans sit in the depths, all of them wearing specially-designed prisoner collars capable of preventing their suicides, and also sealing their magical powers.

In one of these cells, a former demon lays on his back. Beelzebub, the Duke of Inferno, now nothing more than an average human male.

His two crippled and useless arms rest on his stomach, their coloration becoming a depressing brown thanks to the lack of blood flow they received during his time in Rosalia's captivity.

On the other side of the cell, Private Henry also sits. As the person who betrayed Neil Adams by sealing the warpgate and setting the Core to self-destruct, he has been charged with treason against humanity. His face tells the story of a man haunted by his past mistakes.

"Today's the day." Henry mumbles. "The Stormbringer Tribunal."

The young man sits on the edge of the bed, vapidly gazing across the cell at a point on the wall above Beelzebub's bed. His eyes don't focus on anything in particular, while his mind randomly wanders.

"So it is." Beelzebub says, his hoarse and aged voice making him sound like a feeble old man. "Our day of judgment."

Henry lowers his eyes. "I'm... scared, Robert."

Not knowing Beelzebub's true identity, Henry only knows him by his human moniker. He simply views Beelzebub as an unknown old man, some fellow who must have committed a terrible crime to have been sent to the lowest block, yet not anybody Henry recognizes.

"You're young." Beelzebub says quietly. "You had your whole life in front of you. But you blew it because of some demon whore."

"I couldn't see through Emperor Ose's lies." Henry mumbles. "All I saw was the beautiful 'Oshina.' She was like a fairy to me. So easy to trust."

"That's how women get you." Beelzebub says. "They tell you what you want to hear. I had a woman do that to me as well. I fell for her snake-tongue, just like you."

"Oh?" Henry asks, raising his head. "And what did she say to you?"

"I wanted to become a revolutionary." Beelzebub answers. "To upend the stagnant order and bring prosperity to my people. She promised me that if I did as she commanded, I would achieve my goals."

He pauses.

"But that didn't happen. Instead, I simply added to the chaos with my own evils."

"Who _are_ you, really?" Henry asks, more confused than ever by Beelzebub's cryptic words. "Should I know you from somewhere?"

The Duke of Inferno turns his head to look at his cellmate.

"It's better if you don't."

...

Later that day, many heavily-armored troopers march up the hallway to the cells. The sounds of their boots stomping against the stone floors echo throughout the prison, waking up anyone who actually managed to fall asleep on the day of their judgment. The troopers stride with purpose toward each of the cells, stopping in pairs for each individual prisoner while turning their heavily armored and faceless forms toward the cells' interiors.

Beelzebub sighs. He swings his legs over the bed's edge and shakily stands up, feeling a bit more capable of walking than a few weeks prior, thanks to some decent meals served to him by the prison guards.

Henry also stands up. His legs tremble as he turns to look at the old man beside him.

"Are you... nervous?"

Beelzebub's only response is a silent roll of his eyes.

The door to the cell opens. Four guards stride inside, with two holding powerful energy carbines, while the other two wield stun batons.

"Prisoners 1164a and 1164b. Follow us."

Beelzebub and Henry both nod. The guards handcuff their arms behind their backs, despite how useless doing so is to Beelzebub. After all, orders are orders. Then, they begin frog-marching them out of the cell and down the hall.

Hardly have they passed ten cells before Henry sees a familiar face also being led out of his cell. His heart jumps in shock.

"General Caddis?! You're down here too?"

Hardly have the words left his mouth before he wryly shakes his head.

"What am I saying? Of course you are."

As the man Neil Adams investigated and found responsible for disarming a large part of the Core's self-destruction devices, Caddis was placed in the prisons at the start of Stormbringer. His pale and gaunt face shows that the last month has not been kind to him.

"Tsk. It is me." Caddis snarls. "But I must say, little Henry. You were Neils' favorite sniper. I'm surprised to see you down here too. Guess you weren't acting suspicious during his investigation for no reason, hmm?"

Henry winces. "It's a long story."

"Pah! Save it for someone who cares!" Caddis spits, while the guards push him toward the exit.

Beelzebub and Henry travel into the elevator network and begin ascending to the top of the prison complex. After passing through more than a dozen security checkpoints, all manned by human and monster staff, they finally emerge into the open air, where they find several hundred prisoner transport buses lined up and waiting for them.

Outside, tens of thousands of demons and monsters, along with more than a few hundred humans, all stand idly with magic-suppressing collars wrapped around their necks. Their arms and ankles bound, these prisoners can only gaze up at the blinding midday sun, the first natural source of light some of them have seen in over a month.

Beelzebub winces when the sunlight hits his eyes. Back when he still possessed demonic powers, he could switch his vision between pitch-black darkness and blinding light with ease. But now, as a mere mortal man, he also suffers all the weaknesses of his human biology.

As Beelzebub and Henry wait their turns, they finally get a chance to look out and observe the distant housing developments under construction, as well as those recently completed. Despite his inferior human eyesight, Beelzebub can even make out the distant specks of human and monster figures milling about, heading to work or going about their days. The barren plains already seem to be sprouting traces of grass, showing their steady and gradual recovery from his detonation a month prior.

"Wow." Beelzebub murmurs. "The humans have developed incredibly fast since they captured me."

Henry turns to look at him. "What was that?"

"Nothing." Beelzebub says quietly. "I'm just admiring those buildings. It seems Tarus II has become quite prosperous."

"We went from complete annihilation to a massive city in under a month." Henry remarks. "Our people are resilient. We'll bounce back from anything. I never should have doubted our capabilities."

Beelzebub gives the young man a long, knowing look.

"Indeed."

...

The two men load up onto a bus. They begin driving south, toward a gigantic stadium built out in the middle of nowhere. This place will be the judgment and execution ground for the perpetrators of Stormbringer.

As they draw nearer, the evildoers who unleashed literal Hell upon humanity widen their eyes. Before them sits a veritable sea of humans, monsters, and demons all standing before gigantic, hundred-foot-tall viewscreens laid out in a circle around the exterior of the Tribunal Amphitheater. These screens display the arena itself, with its slowly filling seats for prisoners, as well as the central platform, where they will have to step up and plead their case.

Additionally, on the northern side of the stadium, thirty seats sit at the highest elevated position, each reserved for a high ranking member of the Wordsmith Alliance, including Jason Hiro himself, Phoebe Hiro, Monster Queen Blinker, Neil Adams, and dozens of others.

Beelzebub's expression remains neutral.

"...Truly, the Wordsmith has rolled out the red carpet for our day of judgment."

Henry's teeth chatter as the potential moment of his execution begins to loom over him.

"I... I never should have listened to her. Oh, god. Oh god... Piper, I miss you, boy..."

The buses come to a stop outside. Beelzebub and the other prisoners begin filing out onto a long walkway leading past a crowd of more than five million citizens, many of them holding signs, and all of them visibly enraged by the sight of the countless demonic bastards and traitorous snakes who killed their friends and family.

"Bloodskin scum!"

"Turncoat piece of shit!"

"I can't wait to see your heads fly! Every last one of you!"

"My children are dead, and it's all your fault!"

"Burn in HELL!!"

Horrible slurs, stinging insults, and vicious words metaphorically strike the faces of the demons and monsters and humans being led down the path into the stadium. Surprisingly, it's not even the demons who receive the most verbal abuse, but the human turncoats! Seeing only a few humans among the masses of red-skinned demons makes them stick out from the horde, drawing even more vicious criticism and hatred.

"Henry! Because of you, Neil Adams nearly died! I'd PAY to fire a round into your head myself!"

Henry winces when he sees another trooper, someone he once respected, standing on the sidelines screaming at him. He quickly lowers his head and tries to blend in, but his efforts don't bear much fruit.

Beelzebub wryly chuckles. "Cheer up. You'll be dead soon."

Henry glowers at him. "That's not helping, Robert."

They arrive inside the amphitheater, and their guards direct them to seats in the very front rows, on the southern side of the theater, directly opposite the Judge Seating Area. From this position, they have to crane their necks to look all the way up at the people who will soon cast their votes on the future, and their futures do not look pleasant.

"Fuck, man. Fuck. I'm so fucking scared..." Henry curses.

"I've accepted my fate." Beelzebub replies.

---

Jason Hiro and his wife arrive last to the Tribunal, nearly thirty full minutes after the other VIPs. Flying through the air via angelic wings, both of them pause their descent into the stadium to levitate over the crowds below, while millions of people cheer and cry out their names.

"Commander Jason!"

"Lady Phoebe!"

"Our genius and soldier duo!"

Phoebe faintly smiles. "You hear that? They called me a genius. They probably think you're a dummy, Jason."

She turns to look at her husband, only to see that Jason isn't smiling at all. Instead, his emotions appear rather muted.

"I'm not in the mood for jokes, Phoebe." Jason says. "Let's get this Tribunal over with. People are counting on us to conduct the event with fairness and decency."

Phoebe's smile fades away. "Yes. You're right. Sorry. We have to stay strong... and remember, it's not just about getting justice for the fallen, but for all their families left behind."

Jason nods. "We do this for Daisy's sake."

The Wordsmith and his wife fly into the theater toward the thirty seats of honor, seats reserved exclusively for those who will soon cast their votes for judgment against the killers and traitors who tore apart humanity during Stormbringer.

As they descend, Jason picks out all of the familiar faces in the seats.

Neil Adams, commander of humanity's military.

General Chadwick, who fought bravely until Stormbringer's conclusion.

Blinker, the Monster Queen who lost her husband.

Belial, who saved countless lives with her healing powers.

Archangel Uriel, who holds the souls of her three brothers in their rings.

Lady Brunhilda, whose Felorians used their power to contain the demons at the Warpgate Encampment for longer than anyone else.

But, in addition to these members of the Wordsmith Alliance, there are also several conspicuously placed Demon Emperors, none directly responsible for Stormbringer.

Serena, the Emperor of Soul Whispers.

Yardrat, Emperor of the Void.

Kristoff, the Emperor of Thirst.

Melody, the Emperor of Suppression.

Jahn, the Duke of Cuddles.

And finally, Silvia, the Duke of Whips.

These demons join the humans as judges, though Jason personally crinkles his nose at the thought.

"Why are we letting leaders of Hell interfere in our judgment?" Jason asks his wife, who set up the majority of these proceedings.

"Because." Phoebe responds. "If you want to maintain good relations with the demons, to show them there is a better path, we must try to at least appear impartial. I do not believe these Emperors will cause trouble for us, not when their interests intertwine with ours."

"And what if they do?" Jason asks. "What if they all vote in favor of releasing someone when we vote the opposite?"

Phoebe shrugs. "They only possess a minority of the vote. In the end, humanity's forces still get to choose who they let live and die. Any friction caused by opposing votes can be resolved with words."

"I hope you're right..." Jason mutters, before following up with "Speaking of which, Hope still isn't back. Where the hell is he? That motherfucker... he's up to no good, I can tell."

Phoebe's nose twitches. "Neil hasn't said anything to me."

Just as Jason and Phoebe touch down, an unexpected guest materializes before the two of them, startling both.

[Wordsmith.] Creator Demila says, gesturing to Hope's seat. [There appears to be a position vacant. Would you mind if I joined in on these proceedings?]

Jason stares at the 7th-Level Psion for a brief moment before grimacing.

"...Of course. Having a neutral third party... couldn't hurt. Just remember, you are on _my_ planet."

Phoebe appears less miffed about Demila's appearance. "Why bother joining in on today's event? You don't have any skin in the game."

[I do not.] Demila affirms, her hawk-like gaze sweeping out across the field. [However. I am here to observe. Suppose Gressil were to attack? I might catch the Emperor of Chaos before he could flee.]

"You don't expect us to believe this has _anything_ to do with Gressil, _do you?_" Jason asks snarkily.

[Believe what you wish. In truth, I suspect something... _interesting_... shall occur today. Perhaps it is nothing more than a feeling.]

Without waiting for Jason's response, Demila flickers backward and teleports into the empty seat, crossing her legs beneath her ornate black-and-red robes.

Sensing the conversation has ended, Jason suppresses the urge to roll his eyes. He takes a seat beside Neil, with the Commander on his left, while Phoebe sits on his right.

"You finally made it." Neil says, while looking out at the throng of prisoners. "I was beginning to think you might not show."

"Where's Hope?" Jason asks.

"I'm not his nanny. He's a Wordsmith. He goes wherever he pleases."

Demila, sitting on the opposite side of Neil, spreads her Psionic sense across the entire theater, but takes special care to pay close attention to the Wordsmith and his commander's conversation directly adjacent to her.

"You must know something." Jason hisses through his teeth. "Why hasn't he captured Mephisto yet? Or Yama?"

"Truly, Jason." Neil says, sounding surprisingly bored. "I've no idea what Hope is up to. Believe me if you want. Or don't."

Demila's expression remains impassive. However, with no effort at all, she plucks several thoughts out of Neil's primitive brain.

_Strange._ Demila thinks. _The Military Commander truly doesn't know where the other Wordsmith has gone. Nobody does. I've searched the minds of hundreds of top personnel, yet he's nowhere to be found. Perhaps I should make a trip into the Labyrinth to seek him out, once this Tribunal concludes._

In the center of the arena, a massive minotaur strides onto the stage. Yamir, normally 'only' Jason's chef, wears a set of blood-red robes clearly designed with his species' aesthetics in mind. In his hands, he holds a familiar giant executioner axe, one which formerly belonged to Sir Lorent. Now expanded to its original size, the axe hums with divine energy belonging to the Hero whose soul is contained within.

"Braaaaum!" Yamir roars. "Everyone! Today marks the start of the Stormbringer Tribunal! This Tribunal is intended to bring justice to those victimized by the perpetrators of the Stormbringer attack!"

Outside the stadium, countless people whoop and cheer. Humans who lost their friends and family, monsters who fought valiantly during the war and also lost their closest companions, and even a surprising number of demons from the Seven Hells. Despite seeing their fellow demons threatened with executions en-masse, nobody bats an eye at these stupid losers who have no relation to them!

Considering the vastness of the Seven Hells, seeing a hodge-podge of low-ranking fools from the First Hell get executed only makes for an exciting show! The demons from the second, third, and other Hells merely laugh it up at the sad fates awaiting their fellow demons.

Jason Hiro stands up next. He walks to the edge of the platform and projects his voice out to the evildoers inside the stadium, as well as his citizens outside.

"In my era," Jason begins, "There was a concept known as 'innocent until proven guilty.' I believe in that theory of law. However! Every person inside this stadium has already been pre-judged as guilty by our investigators! We possess video evidence of each and every one of your crimes! The only thing awaiting you now is your sentencing!"

He pauses for a moment to gaze around at the despondent eyes of those-to-be-judged.

"Here is how today's proceedings will work. We will call up the name of an individual. That individual will step forward. We will present their crimes for everyone to see, and the perpetrator will have one chance to make an appeal. You can beg for pity, plead for mercy, or accept your sins. Say whatever you want! Just know this... death will await many of you, but an equal number will be sentenced to hundreds of years of slavery. You will toil in mines, producing resources for my people as penance for your crimes. None of you have any chance at walking free."

Jason gestures to the twenty-nine other people behind himself.

"These are your judges. Not only do they consist of humanity's leaders, but also esteemed representatives from the Seven Hells. So long as a majority of us agree, your sentence may be reduced, but it also may be increased! Pick your words carefully. Honesty and humility will get you far. Lies and excuses will receive only a swift and brutal death!"

Humanity's allies cheer raucously, practically frothing at the mouth as they excitedly wait for the proceedings to begin.

Jason sits back down and gestures to Yamir.

"You may begin."

"Yes, Wordsmith!" Yamir roars. "Today, the first to be accused! A Demon Grunt known as 'Paddock!'"

While Yamir calls out the name of the first prisoner, Jason glances at his wife.

Under his breath, he whispers, "Hey, honey? Not to be a bother but... there's kind of a _lot_ of prisoners here. If we have to sentence these demons one at a time, aren't we going to be here for like... a million years?"

Phoebe rolls her eyes. "Don't you know I would have thought of that already? We'll start with certain individuals, yes. But we will also be judging large blocks of demons at the same time. It depends on their proximity to one another during the war. I've divided the demons into about three hundred individual 'sections'. At the end of the Tribunal, any who are to be executed will be killed at the same time."

She pauses to glower at her husband. "Didn't you read the memo I gave you?!"

Jason flushes red in embarrassment. "Sorry. I, uh... I was busy, and it was kind of long."

"You could have Wordsmithed the knowledge into your head or something." Phoebe chastises him.

"Oh. Yeah. I didn't think about that." Jason quietly laughs.

Phoebe sighs. She massages her forehead while wryly smiling at her husband.

"Sometimes, you are the _biggest_ egghead."