Part 267: Brightest Cave, Darkest Dawn

A silent assassin creeps through the Labyrinth's hallways. Decked out in a stealth-class exosuit, Amelia Greyheart, the Black Queen, slithers through the darkness like a shadowy snake searching for prey.

Having spent the better part of an entire day scouring the Labyrinth, Amelia's movements appear much twitchier and alert than when she first started. Many times, she ducks into doorways or narrow crevasses in the walls to hide while troops of demons and monsters pass her by. Their frenetic energy reaches her ears, along with the words they speak.

"That's what I'm sayin'," A random Demon Lord declares to a small group of Grunts as they pass Amelia's invisible form. "It's been a whole day and we still ain't killed them fleshbags! That Ose's a typical woman, always takin' her damn time, makin us lose lives. We coulda swarmed them fleshies by now and overrun 'em like crazy, but nooo! I bet she likes watching us die!"

"Yeah, you said it, boss," His Scyther underling replies, clanging his two blade-arms together. "Pah! Some Emperor she is! If Big Boss Deebs were still in charge, those humans woulda been toast by now!"

The demons fade into the distance, continuing to rant and rave as they leave. Amelia steps out of the darkness and looks around, then growls under her breath.

"I don't get it. Why would Jason disappear the same day the demons decide to attack? Nobody's seen him on Maiura, nor Tarus II, nor anywhere else! How utterly frustrating."

Inside Amelia's Spectre exosuit, Centurion pipes up. "**PILOT AMELIA GREYHEART, I HAVE DETECTED ANOTHER SEVENTEEN DEMONIC ENTITIES APPROACHING YOUR POSITION.**"

She frowns. "Again? The locals have been patrolling more frequently, lately."

Amelia glances upward. Using a chip that mentally links her brain to her exosuit, she manipulates the four metallic tendrils on the Spectre's back to aim at the ceiling. They turn into climbing spikes, zip forward, and impale the roof, yanking her into the air.

Like a half-human, half-spider hybrid, Amelia crawls along the ceiling, only slowing down once the group of demons Centurion pointed out round the hallway up ahead. She stops moving and reactivates her invisibility, melting into the darkness and becoming one with the Labyrinth.

Twenty seconds later, the group passes her. She starts to drop to the floor, only to pause when she sees another demon, a lone Lord, slowly ambling down the corridor. Dressed in a tacky yellow vest, he appears out of place compared to the demons from half a minute before. Amelia freezes in place and watches silently, like a predator, as he approaches her position.

The Lord yawns several times. His eyes droop, and he mutters words under his breath, which the Spectre's sensors easily pick up.

"...such a drag. Everyone's all excited 'cuz they get to kill some fleshies. Seven Hells. What a waste of time. Just send Bael in, he'll take care of it. _Oh, but Skopl, that won't help our morale._ Give it a rest. I'd _so_ much rather be sleeping right now than chasing after Heroes and eating bullets for breakfast. Why should I have to die just because some Emperor bitch thinks that's my purpose?"

Skopl, the demon below Amelia, continues to mutter to himself, oblivious to his surroundings. Amelia glances at her HUD to make sure there aren't any other demons around, then grins evilly.

"Jackpot."

Like a silent assassin, she drops from the ceiling, decloaking with only enough time for Skopl to register something falling toward him.

_Thump!_

Amelia tackles Skopl to the floor, clamps a hand over his mouth, then turns the four tendrils on her back into makeshift torture spears. Before Skopl can react, they dart forward and stab both of his hands and feet, impaling him to the floor so that he can't resist.

Skopl's eyes bolt open. Fear rushes into his brain. "Hmmmrrgh! Mrrrrm!!"

He tries to scream for help, but Amelia's iron-grip muffles his voice excellently. With her free hand, Amelia pulls out a pair of small, metal cubes, each one a little bigger than a set of playing dice, and tosses one to her right and one to her left. The cubes silently activate, creating an invisible sound-dampening field between their positions.

Satisfied, Amelia removes her hand, allowing Skopl to howl pain-filled words of bloody murder. "Aaargh! F-fleshbag! Stop! Get off me, you evil bastard! I'll kill you! I'll fucking kill you! Aaaah!"

Amelia deactivates her helmet, allowing the nanites to flow away and reveal her face. Seeing a beautiful human woman instead of a man does nothing to tone down Skopl's ranting.

"My hands! You stabbed my hands, auugh! And my feet, why my feet?! You crazy, lunatic bitch!"

Smiling prettily, Amelia crouches atop Skopl's stomach and cocks her head. "You're a loud one, little demon. Yell all you want; nobody will hear you. I'm surprised you haven't recognized me yet, considering my infamy."

"Why in the Seven Hells would I give a shit who you are, you filthy fleshbag?!" Skopl bellows. "I'm the Lord of Luck! I'm a big shot among the other Lords! If you kill me, they'll rip your clothes off, turn you into a fucktoy, and feed you to the Hellhounds!"

Amelia nods. "Mmm. Yes. Nice to meet you, Skopl, Lord of Luck. It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance. My name is Amelia Greyheart. I am the Black Queen."

"Oh, a queen, huh?" Skopl sputters. "That's quite the fancy title, _your highness_! What, do you think I'll bow and beg for mercy just because you give yourself a fancy name like-like... like... the Black... Queen?"

Skopl's enraged words suddenly slow to a stop. It takes him a moment to filter out the hatred in his mind, but when he does, he blinks his eyes and stares at Amelia with a fresh look of horror.

"B-Black Queen? No... no that's impossible! You died! Diablo killed you six years ago! Everyone confirmed your death! How... how can you still be..."

"Hah..." Amelia laughs emotionlessly. "It involved magic. I don't have to explain anything to the likes of you. Now listen closely, little Lord. You may think you're hot stuff in your circles, but in front of me, you're not even a gnat on the wall. I want information, and you're going to give it to me, or I'll kill you without hesitation."

All the blood drains from Skopl's face. "B-but... you'll kill me anyway... even if I tell you what you want to know..."

Amelia glances up at the ceiling thoughtfully, then back to Skopl. "Fair point. Indeed, I will. However, your death can take place over the course of several long, agonizing hours, which will then follow with my devouring of your soul and an eternal agony for all eternity, _or_, you can tell me what I want to know and I'll make your death quick and painless. How about it? Doesn't that sound fair?"

Skopl's body begins to tremble. "P-please... please don't kill me... I'm just a Lord... I'm nobody important! You don't have to kill me to get any answers, okay? You're a b-beautiful human woman... I'm sure we can work something out."

A flash of insight appears in Skopl's eyes. "Ah... ah! That's- I could be your slave! Yes, everyone needs a good slave, don't they? I'll pledge myself to you for, um, a thousand years! How about that? Please! Please don't kill me!"

Tears well up in his eyes, but with his hands impaled, he can't wipe them away.

Amelia purses her lips. "Hmm... a slave for one thousand years. Well, if you can give me the information I need, I suppose I can settle for simple enslavement. You said you were the Lord of Luck, didn't you? This might be your lucky day, and mine too! We can both greatly improve our lives!"

Skopl nods. "Y-yes! Yes! I'll do anything you ask! Anything at all, lady Greyheart! Just s-say the word!"

Apparently pleased with herself, Amelia starts winding her hair around her finger. "Well, okay then. So! First question. What news have you heard about the Wordsmith, Jason Hiro?"

The Lord of Luck pauses for half a second before smiling excitedly. "The Wordsmith? Oh, yes! I just heard something not that long ago! He appeared on, um, on Tarus II! Well, I mean, he didn't _exactly_ appear there, but he used his word magic to heal up a bunch of human troops from somewhere else. He hasn't killed any demons, but he, uh, he helped the humans a bunch!"

Amelia frowns. "Are you telling me that no demons witnessed Jason appearing on Tarus II?"

"Y-yes, Lady Greyheart," Skopl says smiling as sincerely as he can manage. "Nobody saw his appearance, but the head Warper, Ying-Ying, confirmed he had used his magic on the planet! Everyone knows it; the news is spreading like wildfire!"

"What else have you heard?" Amelia asks, her expression turning colder by the second. "About Jason Hiro, I mean. Has there been any other news?"

"N-not that I know..." Skopl replies, his smile fading as he notices the frigidity on her face. "B-but I have a bunch of contacts! I could, um, ask around for you! Anything to please my glorious, beautiful, and highly intelligent master!"

"...You're good at groveling," Amelia mutters. "But useless for information. I'll have to rate your services a one out of ten."

"Wait!" Skopl yells. "Ask me anything else! Maybe I can offer other information! I know all sorts of demons!"

"I only wanted to know about Jason Hiro," Amelia says, an edge of finality in her tone. She plucks a dagger from her waist belt and activates a button on its side, making it hum to life with energy. "And you told me basically nothing."

"No... no, please!" Skopl yells, his voice turning hoarse. He watches helplessly as Amelia raises the dagger over his head. "Please don't kill me! I'm a good demon! I've never hurt a fleshbag in all my life!"

Amelia scrunches up her face in annoyance. "Now there's a lie if I've ever heard one."

Skopl tugs so hard against the tendrils impaling his palms that he nearly rips his hands free. Sadly, he fails. Amelia plunges the knife into his face, allowing him one quick scream before his voice cuts off and his body goes still.

Blood spurts from the gaping wound between Skopl's eyes, where his nose once belonged. Amelia stares at him emotionlessly, without the slightest sympathy.

"There's no such thing as a good demon; only a dead one."

She yanks the blade out of Skopl's face, causing even more blood to gush forth. After standing up, Amelia retracts her Spectre's tendrils, then taps a button on her suit to unleash a wave of fire upon Skopl's body, scorching him with three-thousand degree flames. In less than twenty seconds, she reduces his corpse to ash, leaving little evidence behind of her murder.

Several seconds of silence follow. Amelia retrieves the sound-dampening cubes, reactivates her helmet to cover her head, and sighs.

"Jason. Did I miss him? When the heck did he return to Tarus II? Perhaps I should go back and try to find him."

She nudges Skopl's ashes with her feet, scattering the half-foot pile across the Labyrinth's floor.

"Well, I don't have any other leads. I've killed a dozen Lords and ten times as many Grunts. That was the first I've heard about Jason's whereabouts. Guess I've no other choice."

Amelia turns around to head back in the direction of the Labyrinth Core. The moment she completes her heel-turn, she jumps in fright and quickly retreats several steps.

Behind her, a female Demon Lord with pale white skin, blood-red eyes, and jet black hair stands in the hallway only twenty feet away, her hands folded in front of her waist.

"Ah! Why hello there, Black Queen. It is my plee-asure to meet you."

Amelia's heart races, not from fear, but from the demoness's unexpected ability to evade Centurion's sensors. "Y-you! Who are you? How did you sneak up on me?"

The pale-skinned demoness wears a long, black cloak with a gorgeous red and white ensemble outfit underneath. She smiles from ear to ear, allowing two fangs to poke out of her lips.

"Ah, ah, ah. Who am I? I am surprised that you do not know! My name is Dawn, and I am the Lord of Caves. I serve Mistress Fenrir, Emperor of the Hell of Blood! As for how I made my way behind your back; that is one of my special, precious little talents, you see?"

After blinking several times, Amelia regains her calm. "The Hell of Blood? I'm not familiar with that sector."

"That is to be ex-pected," Dawn replies, her words and intonation somewhat slow, haughty, and deliberate. "After all, the infam-ous Jeanne D'Arc sealed you in a statue right at the end of the Energy Wars. You did not witness the fracturing of Earth's Seven Hells, and thus, the unification effort which occurred after the Overlords destroyed our homeworld. So sad! Such tragedy! But that is life, you know?"

Amelia bristles visibly. "Hey. Don't go talking about _Joan_ around me, not unless you want an ass-kicking."

Dawn's smile fades. "So touchy. Well, I have not come to exchange pleasantries. I came to check up on you and see if you needed anything. It seems that you have been sear-ching all day, yet you have not come any closer to reaching your goal. My mistress is sad. She cries for you. She wishes to express her sincer-ity by giving you that which you seek."

The Lord of Caves unclasps her hands and spreads out her arms in a welcoming gesture. "So, what is it that you seek, little lost Queen?"

"I'm not lost," Amelia snaps. "I am feeling pretty pissed, though. How long have you been following me?"

"Me? Not long at all," Dawn replies. "My mistress has watched you from a distance all day, though. Did you not realize that eliminating a dozen Lords would draw attention to yourself? Your hyuu-man technology does not protect you from magical investigations, silly girl. Fenrir is the master of the night. Where there is darkness, her eyes will always see."

"Sounds like your Emperor is pretty powerful..." Amelia mutters. "Why hasn't she attacked me, then? Why watch from a distance?"

"Why not?" Dawn asks, shrugging her shoulders nonchalantly. She slowly ambles toward Amelia without a care in the world. "We have no quarrel with you. After all, it was that wretched Joan who ambushed and entrapped you, not us. It was Satan who slew your best friend, not us."

Amelia's eyes erupt with rage. "You! Don't... don't you dare talk about Levvy!!"

She lunges toward the Lord of Caves, only for Dawn to flick her fingers, explode into a cloud of chittering bats, and spread throughout the corridor. Amelia's anger goes unanswered as she grabs nothing but the air.

A few seconds later, the chittering bats reform behind Amelia, transforming into Dawn's figure. "Ah, ah, ah. There is no need for violence, my dar-ling! As I said, the Hell of Blood had nothing to do with your imprisonment or any of the things that you have lost! There is no need to direct your anger toward me."

"I don't care who you are..." Amelia growls, turning to face Dawn. "Never bring up my friend in front of me!"

Dawn hesitates for a moment. She gazes at Amelia with pitying eyes, then shakes her head.

"So much sadness. So much sorrow. I can feel your pain, my poor, wilted flower. You lost him because of Satan's treach-ery; his underhandedness. The Devil used all of his tricks to slay the Last Dragon, and in doing so, he tore out your heart. Truly, you have my deepest sym-pathies."

"I... I don't want your pity..." Amelia hisses. "Stop with all this nonsense. Just tell me why you've come."

Dawn begins walking toward Amelia with the expression of a doting mother. "Precious little dear. You have once again lost someone close to you; your beloved Wordsmith. Each time you cry out his name after killing a Lord, your pain echoes throughout the Labyrinth. You have lost many friends during the course of your life. As a result, you have grown to hate yourself. You hate your inability to protect them; to shield them from harm."

Amelia flinches. "Quit acting like you know me. We've never even met before."

"No, we have not..." Dawn acknowledges. She slows to a stop only an arm's length from Amelia while gazing at her lovingly. "But many demons admire you, you know? During your imprisonment, we often made pilgrimages to your statue to gaze upon the Black Witch, the one known as Satan-slayer. Satan is my Mistress's enemy, dar-ling. Thus, he is my enemy, too. As I said when I first arrived, I am not here to hurt you. I only wish to assist you in whatever way that I may."

Despite Dawn's gentle tone, Amelia's gaze still harbors many misgivings. Still, seeing Dawn's non-aggressive stance and her clearly-stated position, Amelia can't help but lower her guard, even if only a little. She deactivates her helmet, allowing her to speak to Dawn face-to-face.

"I... I need to find Jason."

"The Wordsmith, yes," Dawn replies, nodding with a smile. "You wish to know where he is. But how curious! All this time, you have searched for Jason Hiro. Why do you not look for Hope?"

"Hope?" Amelia asks. "I... don't follow."

Dawn pauses. Her usual smile cracks, causing a flash of confusion to bubble to the surface.

"Yes. Hope Hiro! The second Wordsmith. You came here not long after his disappearance. My mistress assumed you were sear-ching for him, all this time. Was she wrong?"

"I think so?" Amelia replies, sounding just as confused. "Who is Hope? How can there be two Wordsmiths? I thought... I mean, isn't there only Jason?"

Both women fall silent for several seconds. Dawn gazes at Amelia's face, attempting to search for clues. Gears turn in her head as she tries to see if Amelia is messing with her.

"...No. There are two Wordsmiths. There is Jason Hiro, the original Wordsmith. Then, using his Wordsmithing, he created a clone of himself, who he named Hope."

Amelia's heart skips a beat. Her blood runs cold at this shocking revelation. "No... you must be lying! Why would there be two Jasons? That doesn't make any sense. He would have told me."

Dawn brushes a strand of long, white hair out of her eyes. "I speak no lies, Black Queen. Both Wordsmiths are well-known by all of demonkind. I don't know why you aren't aware of Hope's existence, but-"

"When did Jason clone himself?" Amelia asks, interrupting Dawn.

"When? About six years ago," Dawn replies.

Amelia stares at Dawn for a moment before lowering her eyes. "Six years ago... that's the same time as when..."

Despite trailing off, Amelia's words linger in the air, making Dawn wiggle her nose. "You are much more in-teresting than I expected, precious Queen. Your sudden reappearance caught my mistress's attention, and now that I stand next to you, I cannot help but no-tice you lack even a trace of magical energy!"

Water drips from the Labyrinth's ceiling, hitting the floor some distance away with a _plop._ Amelia narrows her eyes as she gazes at Dawn with caution.

"Jason saved my life only seconds before the supernova struck. As a result, I lost much of my magical energy. However, once I get back around to eating a few demons, you'll sense my magic just fine."

The threat contained within Amelia's words slips in one of Dawn's ears and right out the other. She steps forward and coils herself around Amelia's right arm while flashing a seductive smile. "Are you trying to scare me? Ahaha! I love when a woh-man gets aggressive. To me, such words merely heighten my _appreciation_ for the feminine form."

Amelia tries to escape Dawn's grasp, but the Demoness simply pulls herself closer, pressing herself against the human's side.

"I have a lover already!" Amelia snaps, tugging even harder. "And he's in danger. Get off me!"

"Ahaha, you are so cute when you protest!" Dawn laughs, releasing Amelia's arm. She backs away from the human while giggling into her hand. "Now then, about that Wordsmith! Since you are probably looking for Hope, I can tell you where to find him! He is not far from here! My mistress saw what happened to him, and she felt much sorrow for the pain he experienced."

"Pain?" Amelia asks. "What do you mean? Did something happen to him? Is he hurt?!"

"Yes!" Dawn says, nodding quickly. "He got in a big fight with a powerful Demon Emperor. The Emperor defeated him easily, as my mistress expected. Then, the Emperor drag-ged Hope away. The last we saw of him, he was beaten and unconscious."

The Demoness talks about Hope's situation in a matter-of-fact way, not caring in the slightest about whatever fate may have befallen the Wordsmith. Amelia, on the other hand, nearly jumps out of her skin at the news.

"No! W-Why didn't your Mistress save him, if she is an Emperor herself?! He might still be alive! Please take me to him!"

"Hm?" Dawn grunts. "Why didn't my mistress save him? Oh, silly Queen. She would not interfere in another Emperor's business so casually."

The demoness's smile fades away. In its place, a deathly solemn expression appears.

"Among my species, none of us are equal, Amelia Greyheart. That holds true for Grunts, Lords, Barons, Dukes, and Emperors, alike. The demon who took Hope is among the most powerful and most dangerous of all the Emperors in the Labyrinth. My mistress knows better than to involve herself in _his_ dealings. We _all_ keep our dis-tance."

Sensing the change in atmosphere, Amelia grits her teeth and nods. "I... I see. Who was it, then? Can you at least tell me?"

"I can..." Dawn mutters. "But you won't like the answer. The demon who took Hope was none other than Gressil... the Hidden Emperor of Chaos."

Amelia blinks twice. "Gressil? The prison-master?"

"That's right. Few even know that Gressil has ascended to the rank of Emperor. My mistress only deduced as much by observing his battle with the Wordsmith from a distance. Had she not witnessed his strength herself, she would never have known he had reached such heights. Few pay Gressil any mind, for he lurks within the Labyrinth's most wretched region, rarely leaving, rarely speaking."

Dawn continues. "Right now, Ose, leader of the Hell of Dam-nation, is in a race to capture both Wordsmiths. She has already promised one of them to Yama, Emperor of the Hell of Cor-ruption. If she cannot capture both, her plans to unify the Seven Hells will fail... and that is the second reason my mistress made no effort to rescue Hope."

"The Seven Hells...?" Amelia asks. "Wait, that isn't just a demonic saying? Are there really seven Labyrinths? Seven Hells?"

"Haha... something like that," Dawn answers. She begins pacing back and forth, deliberately pausing to kick Skopl's ashes as she passes them by. "There are seven Hells, but only one Labyrinth. Individually, they are known as the Hells of Damnation, Lust, Blood, Punishment, Calamity, Isolation, and Corruption. I am not surprised you haven't heard of them. Even when the Seven Hells resided upon Earth, few knew where to find their entrances."

She pauses her pacing to sigh. "Sadly, after Earth's fall, only the Hell of Damnation had a foundation upon which it could stand. Satan built the Labyrinth in secret, and as such, when our world disappeared, he for-ced the other Emperors to bow to him in exchange for living within his Hell's confines. Now, the remnants of the other six Hells lay scattered about on various worlds given to us by our betters. We have our Emperors, our Dukes, and our other royal demons... but we no longer par-take in power squabbles involving the First Hell."

"Wow..." Amelia mutters, her eyes fogging over. "That... that explains so much. I remember, back when Earth was around, I heard of many powerful Emperors, but I always wondered what happened to them. Now I know. How many Emperors still remain?"

Dawn shrugs. "I am just a messenger for the mistress. I do not possess any knowledge of the other Hells' inner workings."

Amelia gestures to Dawn's fangs. "And... you said you were from the Hell of Blood... so does that make you a vampire? One of Dracula's thralls?"

"Ah, ah, ah!" Dawn laughs, exposing her teeth. "A vampiress am I, yes! But Dracula? Long dead. He turned his back on the angels to forge a union between humanity and the demons! He founded the Hell of Blood, but sadly, his spirit no longer exists in the mortal realm. Only his legacy lives on in the hearts and minds of all my vampire-kin."

Amelia crosses her arms. "I saw him once."

"Who? Dracula?" Dawn asks. Her eyes light up with excitement. "You met our founder?!"

"No. I watched him from a distance," Amelia clarifies. "I've run into a lot of Heroes in my life. Couldn't help myself. Their mana signatures were always unique and seemed to call out to me. I could sense them from tens of miles away, assuming they didn't suppress their power. Dracula was one such Hero. I sensed something was different about him and observed him for a few days, but eventually I became bored and left."

"Wow, I'm still envious!" Dawn giggles. She runs over and hugs Amelia's arm again, leaning her head against Amelia's shoulder. "You should tell me all about him while we head over to find your boyfriend!"

Amelia starts to pull her arm away, but ends up relenting. "Fine. We just have to go to Hell's prison, right? That's not far from here."

"Yes, yes, not far at all," Dawn answers, smiling giddily. "Come with me. I shall show you the way!"

The human stares at her unexpected new vampiress 'friend' with suspicion. However, given the lack of hostility on Dawn's face, she decides to play along.

_If Dawn really does have an Emperor backing her,_ Amelia thinks, _then there's no point fighting her. On the other hand, if she doesn't, I can take her out easily, or at least escape. My suit has plenty of tricks I've yet to employ._

The Black Queen smiles politely. "Very well. I'll take you up on that offer. And while we walk, perhaps you can fill me in on the gaps in my memory...?"

---

>!This is what a spoiler looks like! Click it to reveal the text!!