Part 97: Vengeance, Postponed

The vision lingers in my mind, becoming a memory that feels almost as if I lived it myself. It wasn't only Uzziel and the Archangels who lost Samael, but me as well. Irrational as it seems, and despite how little I knew him, Samael seemed like a stand-up guy, one willing to do anything to protect his sister's life. He didn't deserve to die in such a terrible manner.

After a few seconds, I materialize before the bonfire and immediately turn to Raphael. 

"You didn't cry."

Raphael blinks slowly. "Apologies, Jason, but I don't follow."

"Samael died, but you barely acknowledged his death. I know people suffer in different ways, but you hardly mentioned it."

"Jason," Solomon whispers, a note of warning in his voice. "Don't be disrespectful."

"'Tis fine, Knowledge Seeker," Raphael replies. "As for the young one's inquiry, I did not break down in tears because, long ago, I lost millions of family members all at once. Even now, a hundred thousand years later, my grief is so overwhelming that it never leaves."

Gabriel takes a step forward and rests his hand on Raphael's back. "Raphael is my elder brother, but on a scale of immortality, years count for little. We might as well be the same age. The difference is that Raphael remembers all those who died before we gave up our memories, while Michael and I do not. I am certain the burden he carries places tremendous stress on him."

Raphael bows his head. "Mmm. 'Twas essential that at least one person remembered the ancient histories. The pain I bear is nothing compared to the thought of forgetting my beautiful sisters, Muriel and Cassiel, let alone millions of other angels."

At the mention of Muriel and Cassiel, Michael grimaces, plops down on his log to my right, pulls out his sword, and stabs it in the ground. He begins to wring and squeeze the hilt as though it were someone's neck.

"If only I could remember the ancient histories. Sometimes I see pale flashes of faces. Distant afterimages. A faint smile, a memory of happiness and bliss. They're always a galaxy away, yet so close that I wish I could reach out and touch them."

Raphael flicks his eyes to Michael. "Of all the angels, 'twas essential thou should forget the past. I'm sorry, brother, but I did what I could to-"

Michael suddenly leaps to his feet. "Gah! Why, Raphael?! Why can't I remember?! Our people are extinct! We're confined to these torturous rings, unable to fly freely or cut down the ones who did this to us! Surely, thou cans't finally lay bare the reasons we lost our memories! It isn't as if the Titans are waiting for us to break the treaty anymore! They're dead too!"

Raphael stares evenly at Michael. His ancient eyes slowly seal shut. He bows his head, rests an elbow on his knee, and places his face in his palm.

"I'm sorry, brother. The treaty was... it was..."

"Thou need not explain," Gabriel says. "Michael. Calm thyself."

"I won't," Michael growls. "I wish to hear about our past! I wish to know what secrets were so significant that Raphael wouldn't speak a word to his brothers about them! Where does thy loyalty lie, Raphael? With thy kin, or with the Titans?!"

Slowly, Raphael raises his head.

"Treaty? There was no such thing."

Michael blinks. He pulls back slightly. "What? Thou speaketh nonsense."

"Nay, I speak the truth," Raphael whispers. "What good would a treaty do if only one person knew the reasons behind its existence? No. The reason the angels and Titans gave up our memories was... it was... to prevent..."

Raphael's voice cracks. "No. I won't say. Michael. Please don't press me for answers. Thou dost think answers will ease thy pain. Thou dost hope they will give thy spirit closure. They will not. I pay the price for every moment of my continued existence, knowing what I do. I do not wish for thee to suffer more than is absolutely necessary."

Raphael's words chill the air around the campfire. Michael meets Raphael's gaze. Their eyes speak to each other for a few moments before he opens his mouth. "Would... woulds't thou tell Gabriel of our past? Ever? Under any circumstance?"

"I might," Raphael replies. His voice is little more than a murmur in the wind. "But t'would only be as a last resort."

"A last resort," Michael says, echoing Raphael. "Yet, never woulds't thee speak of the past to me."

"Nay. Never."

Michael's lip trembles. He slowly turns to stare into the bonfire. After a moment, his chest begins to shake. He squeezes the hilt of his sword, and a tear drips down his face.

"I... I did something. It... it must... must have been terrible."

Raphael stares at his brother. Michael tries to contain his emotions, but slowly, his stalwart facade begins to crack around the edges.

"Do not blame thyself, Michael. The Ancient Times... the Dragon Wars... the Titan Wars... many tragedies of unfathomable scale unfolded there. Thy actions were hardly-"

"Stop," Michael says. He raises his armored hand to wipe at his eyes. "I know the truth, now. It... it only makes sense — the way thou regarded me with suspicion. The way thou never spake of the Ancient Wars when I was present. Muriel. Cassiel. Did... did I... toward them..."

Raphael's eyes widen. "Enough, Michael. Thy curiosity will only lead to ruin."

"I knew it!" Michael leaps to his feet. "'Twas my fault, wasn't it?! I killed Cassiel! I killed Muriel! Why?! Why would I do such a thing?! Answer me! Tell me-"

"MICHAEL!" 

Raphael leaps to his feet, mirroring Michael. Out of nowhere, the old man's dismal appearance changes. A dark cloud of miasma springs up around him. 

"I AM THY ELDEST BROTHER! CEASE THIS LINE OF QUESTIONING AT ONCE!"

Raphael's body stays the same size, but somehow his presence seems to quadruple in size, dwarfing even Gabriel. The Archangel of Power takes a step back in fright, trips over his log, and lands on his ass.

Michael's anguish turns to terror as his elder brother lurches toward him. Instinctively, Michael grabs for his sword, but he clumsily bats it aside, then rethinks challenging Raphael and cowers under his brother's overwhelming pressure.

"B-brother Raphael! Stop! I yield!"

Raphael's teeth gnash together. He reaches a hand toward Michael as if to strangle the life out of him.

Suddenly, Solomon leaves my side. He jumps in front of Raphael and puffs out his chest. "Raphael! Stop! Stop! You're going too far!"

Expressions of malevolence, hatred, disgust, and rage pass over Raphael's face, all within a single second. However, his eyes glaze over when he recognizes Solomon. The Archangel of Wisdom recoils in surprise. His aura shrinks once again, and the terrifying specter of Death itself morphs back into that of a tired, weak old man.

"O-oh. Solo...mon." Raphael shakily leans on his staff and sits back down. A look of horror spreads across his face. He grabs at his robes and dabs his face dry. "I... I didn't mean to... to lose my..."

...

I don't know how to feel or what to think.

Raphael, the kindly old man, is hiding more than I expected. Thanks to Michael's line of questioning, I can take a few stabs in the dark at what happened during or before the Ancient Wars.

Michael was involved, somehow, in killing Muriel and Cassiel. Why? Even if that were the case, Raphael doesn't seem to blame him for it, yet he exploded in rage at Michael for bringing it up.

Does that mean Raphael blames his brother for their deaths? Perhaps there's another reason. The truth could hold sinister consequences for the future.

Everything I learn about the angels, more and more, turns me toward the belief that they are not and were never agents of righteousness or virtue. They're selfish, vain, and petty, like numerous people I've met during my life. Hell, the Archangels are worse in many ways because they're immortal demigods with explosive magical powers. Their potential to cause damage far exceeds that of the average human.

Michael lays on the ground shivering in a ball for half a minute, trembling and sweating. He covers his face with his hands and mumbles incoherently, though I can't make out his words. Gabriel, on the other hand, recovers relatively quickly. He cautiously pulls himself to a sitting position on his log and smoothes his robes over and over. Like a nervous tic, the Archangel of Power rubs his robes repeatedly while flicking his eyes between Raphael and Michael.

Solomon pulls me aside and walks us a short distance away from the fire.

"Jason. Try not to make any hasty conclusions about what just happened. The Archangels are not in their best states after living inside the three rings, alone, for a hundred thousand years. Such isolation would cause anyone to... ah... lose a few marbles."

I bite my lip. "Didn't Bahamut wear all three rings constantly? I thought they could communicate if that were the case."

"No. The Archangels only can do so now because of my crown. I linked their spiritual energies with mine using my artifact. Look, all I ask is that you don't think ill of them because of one minor scuffle."

"_Minor?_" I nudge my head toward Raphael. "The old man went berserk! He was going to kill Michael!"

Solomon doesn't reply for a few seconds. When he finally responds, he chooses his words carefully.

"I... I don't think... Raphael would hurt Michael. I think he... ah... intended to wipe Michael's mind."

My heart nearly stops.

"Raphael would do that? To Michael?"

Solomon looks me dead in the eye. His expression is graver than anything I've seen in my entire life. "Raphael would do a great many things, Jason. You know the saying. _The road to Hell is paved with good intentions._"

My heart trembles. "What are you implying?"

"I didn't live through the Ancient past, Jason. However..."

Solomon glances behind us a hundred feet away at Raphael's bowed form. He silently stares into the bonfire, consumed by his thoughts.

A look of fear passes over Solomon's face. He doesn't want Raphael to hear him.

Solomon lowers his voice. "Jason. My crown is the receptacle for hundreds of thousands of memories, from beings long-dead. As I said when you first entered this thought space, its visualizations of the past are built upon the memories of those whose memories I copied."

I nod slowly. "Okay. So what does that mean?"

Solomon lowers his voice. "Anyone who wears my crown, even for a fleeting moment, gives their memories to me. Anyone I touched during my lifetime gave not only their knowledge to me, but the knowledge of any souls they had consumed or manipulated as well. As I told you at the beginning, Jason... I have access to the memories of all three Archangels now."

...

My jaw slackens.

"You... you know..."

"About the Ancient Wars, yes. I know Raphael's secrets, including _the big one_."

Solomon's eyes darken.

"Say nothing to the old man. Don't ask me to tell you what he knows. I won't utter a word. All I will say is that Raphael is right to conceal the past. The secrets he holds should never come to light. I regret probing his mind."

"If you know his secret, why not me as well?"

I challenge Solomon. The king shakes his head in response. "It isn't like that. I learned his past unwillingly as a result of my powers. The danger lies not in you or I knowing his secret, but in someone else obtaining that knowledge. Especially Gabriel, Michael... or the demons. The fewer who know it, the fewer who can turn the past to their advantage."

Solomon squeezes my shoulder. He forces a smile so painfully disingenuine that it makes my eye twitch.

"Cheer up, Jason. I'm going to give you another vision."

I smack my lips while trying to rub the taste of sand off my tongue. "I don't think I want to see anything else."

"You do," Solomon replies encouragingly. "Don't forget why you came here. You need to know about the past if you wish to change the future. Have no fear. I will guide you to the best of my ability."

Solomon and I turn back to the Archangels. Michael has already pulled himself up to sit on his log the same as his brothers, but his look of total dejection reminds me of an abused dog. He slumps forward with his shoulders sagging and stares at the ground emptily. Raphael gazes into the fire, a look of heartache etched into every corner of his face. Gabriel, however, merely looks confused. As a third-party, he doesn't appear to have the emotional involvement Raphael and Michael do about the Ancient Wars, though I can see gears turning in his head as he tries to untangle their conflict.

"Let us return to the Wordsmith's visions," Solomon says, jarring everyone awake. All three Archangels simultaneously turn to look at him, remembering where they are.

"Oh, right. Yes, yes, of course," Raphael mutters. "The visions. Where were we?"

Michael lowers his head again. "As if it matters."

Gabriel and Raphael ignore Michael's brooding. The Archangel of Power coughs into his fist. "Ah, ahem, right... well, I suppose the next major event would be... err..."

"We'll return to Satan's perspective," Solomon says. "The point of these visions is to give Jason a view into the ancient history, and I'd like to keep things balanced."

Raphael shakily lights more tobacco and inhales the odor in his pipe. "Yes, balance, of course. Go on, then."

I glance at Michael. The look on his face reminds me of someone trying to figure out how they ended up on trial for the death penalty, as if he's trying to unravel what would make Raphael hate him so much.

Does Raphael hate Michael, I wonder? Perhaps it's less about hatred, and more about how much Raphael loved his sisters, Cassiel and Muriel, more than life itself. Since Raphael loves Michael as much as he did them, his mind and heart war with one another, trying to decide whether to love Michael as a brother or hate him as their murderer.

Or, maybe it's none of those things. I don't know enough about their history to cast judgment.

Solomon weaves magic signs with his hands. "Careful. This next vision is going to be a bit... _disorienting._"

"I hate it when you say crap like that," I mutter.

The world goes dark, and once again, I leave the bonfire, but this time, I'm worried about what its state will be when I return.