Part 525: Upgray'd Time

Instead of going directly to Phoebe, the Cybernite known as Rebecca walks around inside the factory on Tarus II, inspecting the warehouse to see how humanity creates its technology and assets. She and her cohorts take detailed scans of the well-crafted but otherwise technologically limited systems spanning throughout Phoebe's facility.

Hundreds of drones fly in and out of the warehouse through a large open section of cut-off roof on the structure's western side. These drones pick up materials and fly away, lifting a surprising amount for their small sizes. Despite each done only being about half the size of an average human body, they can lift more than two hundred pounds of metal, wood, brick, or other materials to fly them off to distant sites in need of repair.

Thanks to Mephisto, humanity has suffered a large level of devastation to its infrastructure. While the number of victims who fell to the Myriad Deity was zero, the fact most people lost their homes certainly doesn't make them feel any better. These drones are Phoebe's longstanding solution to building up humanity's infrastructure, and they work well enough for her purposes.

Rebecca casually plants a trojan virus on every single drone in sight using her superior mind-link technology. Not to alter their parameters, but merely to scrutinize their internal software and use them as makeshift spying drones. She intends to keep an eye on the drones to see how efficient they are at fulfilling their tasks.

In addition to the drones, plenty of men and women from various species work in the warehouse.

In the back, more than twenty gigantic materializers continue pumping out materials nonstop. Humans who have enhanced their bodies through the Body Boosters, as well as powerful monsters like Minotaurs, all heft large pallets of brick and steel, lifting these multi-ton loads without using any power equipment. Naturally, the biggest loads do require specialized equipment, but Rebecca still becomes impressed by how powerful the bodies of the humans around her are.

"How fascinating." A silver-haired Cybernite named Ryn says, her bright green eyes studying the facility carefully. "The physical parameters of these humans far exceed the expected maximum thresholds noted during the Energy Wars."

"That's right." Rebecca says, turning to her companion. "Have you not followed the Wordsmith's evolution?"

"Miss Becker assigned me to clean the ventilation shafts." Ryn says. "I did not pay attention to the outer galaxy."

"I see."

Rebecca turns away, feeling slightly dismayed. These Cybernites, while impressive entities in their own right, come from the very bottom of Marie Becker's elevated society. They are all highly intelligent and were once considered geniuses in their fields, but in the end they all became mere janitors or button-pressers due to a lack of opportunities in the Remnant Oasis.

With a shake of her head, Rebecca resumes her study of the facility.

Her irises rotate in a decidedly mechanical manner as she sweeps her head from side to side, easily penetrating any of the facility's security systems, be they technology-based or mundane. Even the so-called 'secret' underground base where the highest technology is being created doesn't evade her senses.

Rebecca might be at the bottom of the Cybernite hierarchy, but the technology contained within her body is vastly superior to anything Phoebe Hiro has produced. That thought even momentarily makes her feel a little sad, but the thought vanishes as she firms up her resolve to help uplift humanity further.

_This is my chance to make something useful of my existence._ Rebecca thinks. _Long have I yearned for something beyond the cursory, useless drudgery of keeping watch over a barely-used portal facility. I can finally make something of myself!_

She turns to look at Ryn, only to raise an eyebrow when she sees the other Cybernite standing right behind a man busily engaged in fabrication work. The man sits with his legs dangling over a small ledge, a soldering tool in one hand, and a small device of some sort in the other. So focused on his work is he that he doesn't even notice the silver-haired woman standing directly behind him, watching him with rapt attention.

"_Ryn!_" Rebecca hisses, embarrassed. She sneaks over, grabs her friend, and drags her away before the man can notice her presence. "What the heck are you doing?!"

Ryn blinks twice. "I was observing the male. His technical skills are flawed. I do not know why he uses such primitive technology to perform that task. Instead, he should use a materializer."

"That's because his technology isn't as good as the stuff we're used to using." Rebecca explains. "But more importantly, don't creep on people! Do you know how weird you would have looked if Phoebe had seen you?! She'd probably give us the stink-eye!"

"Why would her eye stink?" Ryn asks. "And why would she gift us such a strange item? Don't you think these biologicals act rather illogically?"

"It's a turn of phrase." Rebecca says, exhaling softly. She looks at her blank-eyed companion with dread, realizing Ryn is almost certainly going to cause a major diplomatic incident at some point. "Just... don't act weird, okay? I want to make a good impression and show off the genius of Marie Becker's proteges. We can't let ourselves look like fools in front of these primitive humans."

"I understand." Ryn says calmly. "Do not worry. My intellectual parameters are far beyond any biological on this planet."

"If only your social parameters were at a similar level..." Rebecca says gloomily.

Rebecca continues scouring the facility, but now she keeps a closer eye on Ryn and the other Cybernites, tensing up when they interact with the humans, monsters, and demons working in the facility.

_I have to make Marie look good._ Rebecca thinks. _I may not be a genius like her, but even before I digitized myself, I was relatively intelligent. Ryn was, too. All of us were humanity's cream of the crop._

Her eyes momentarily turn wistful. She activates her long-term memory storage centers, recalling events from previously in her life.

Rebecca was 16 years old when she was accepted into the Ivy League. She was considered a national prodigy at the time, the top 1% of intellectuals. She made her family proud by not only graduating with perfect scores in all classes, but even acquiring a PHD in Artificial Intelligence Technologies.

By the time she was 24, she had been hired to work in a mid-level government position.

Before age 30, she had become an industry leader in overseeing black-level government projects. She even developed certain top-secret projects related to cryostasis. She helped invent many life-preservation technologies, including the technology Marie Becker would use to create the Cybernites.

But compared to Ryn, even Rebecca has to admit she came up short. Born to a billionaire, taught by the world's greatest scientists and given any tutors she desired, Ryn could have lived life as a spoiled brat, but instead devoted herself to studying technologies related to positronic circuitry, top secret weapons, and mechanical bodies that would later form the basis of the Vanguards.

Both of them were once incredible figures capable of uplifting entire countries. But then the Energy Wars came and the true main character entered the arena.

Marie Becker completely upended the definition of 'genius.' It was as if she was born with the equivalent of Solomon's Crown for a brain. Some people with knowledge beyond the ordinary even surmised she might be a Lowborn Hero, if not a Trueborn outright.

But she wasn't.

Marie Becker was simply an ordinary human gifted with an extraordinary brain. Like a nuclear explosion of intelligence, she systematically overtook everyone else in the field of miniaturization. This in turn allowed her to make incredible gains by digitally enhancing her brain, which allowed her to progress even faster.

Had Marie been born a Technopath on Volgarius, none would doubt her capability of taking over Fourth Founder Cuanali's position as head of technology development.

Alas, she was only a human, and her enemies were too well-entrenched for her to defeat. But even beaten, she still outmaneuvered the Volgrim, putting them in a position where they couldn't kill her or humanity off. They wanted her expertise to live on. And when the Plague appeared, they _needed_ her to remain relevant forever.

Nowadays, many of humanity's former greatest geniuses work in close proximity to Marie Becker as her trusted aides and confidantes. But for the so-called 'geniuses' like Rebecca and Ryn, those who weren't good enough to reach the peak of biological intelligence, they fell by the wayside.

That is why Rebecca finds herself hoping for a second chance to prove herself. Despite feeling proud of the woman who ultimately saved humanity, Rebecca would by lying if she claimed not to have developed an immutable inferiority complex.

She wants to surpass Marie Becker. That sensation of yearning never fades, no matter how many millennia pass...

...

After a good thirty minutes of surveying the facility, Rebecca is about to go looking for Phoebe Hiro when the woman of the hour shows up unexpectedly, walking directly toward Rebecca's cluster of Cybernites.

"Rebecca!" Phoebe chirps. "So good to see you. I didn't expect you for a few more days."

"Miss Becker decided a sense of urgency was important." Rebecca says after turning toward Phoebe. "Given the attack humanity sustained, you need all the help you can get."

"We're doing better than you might expect." Phoebe says. "I anticipated a giant death toll to go along with the devastated infrastructure, but it turns out Neil's preparations led to a far better war situation than I could have hoped for. We just need to rebuild, and we'll be right as rain."

A few seconds pass. Rebecca smiles weakly at Phoebe, but it appears obvious to the Wordsmith's Wife that the Cybernite has something she's hesitant to say.

"The situation is getting worse." Rebecca finally says, keeping her voice low while moving closer to Phoebe. "This month, the Volgrim lost more than 100 worlds. The Plague's advancement is slowly increasing over time. We suspect something has riled the Plague up, but we aren't certain what it could be."

Phoebe doesn't react outwardly to Rebecca's statement, but her stomach twists in worry.

"You're not certain." Phoebe says slowly. "But... surely you have some guesses."

"We do." Rebecca acknowledges. "And the predictions we've made are quite dire. Simply put... this speedup is recent. _Very_ recent. Within the past two years, to be specific. And the most noteworthy thing that has happened in that time has been the heightening of the Wordsmith's movements, both Hope and Jason alike."

"No, that's not all..." Phoebe objects. "What about the uprising of Demon Deities? Space battles between the Volgrim and the Plague?"

"The thing is," Rebecca continues, "the Volgrim keep close tabs on the Plague. They also maintain detailed logs in their databases regarding major events within the Milky Way. Marie, naturally, keeps a close eye on those logs."

"And they let her?" Phoebe asks.

"It's not a matter of 'letting'." Rebecca explains. "It's more that they can't stop her intrusions even if they wanted. Marie is a much better technologist than all but the highest ranked Technopaths, and even if they narrowly edge her out in certain fields, it's only due to their chosen specification. In terms of well-roundedness, Marie Becker has virtually no flaws."

"She's like a jack of all trades..." Phoebe concludes.

"No, she's a master of all trades, but individually she might not reach the absolute apex in individual fields. On a numerical scale, she's a nine out of ten in all fields of technology. Even if one High Technopath is a ten in one field and Marie is only a nine, she's still beating that Technopath in _every other field_. That's because she was born a human, and humans are not ants. We don't specialize, we adapt and overcome."

Rebecca pauses.

"In any case, the issue we've uncovered is one of patterns. We've discovered that every time Jason has made a major move or performed a significant action, the Plague has stirred for a short time, as if it has become agitated. We are not certain why, but looking through the last twenty years of data, the pattern is unmistakable."

Rebecca's right eye glows blue. It beams out a holographic projection between herself and Phoebe, showing a spinning image of the Milky Way, along with a galactic date at the bottom.

"Volgrim Stardate 7.112.839.11, twenty years ago. You can see that each month, roughly ten to twenty planets fell to the Plague. A speed neither fast nor slow. There are, after all, hundreds of millions of habitable worlds in our galaxy."

The galaxy changes position ever so slightly.

"Volgrim Stardate 7.112.844.11, fifteen years ago. No discernable changes in the Plague's momentum, nor its rate of expansion."

"Ten years ago..."

"Eight years..."

"Six..."

Rebecca deliberately points out the yearly increments to prove the Plague's unchanging nature.

"Volgrim Stardate 7.112.853.06, six years ago. Specifically, three days after the Polaris Incident."

Phoebe sniffs and crinkles her nose. "After Hoarhiim destroyed Polaris's star in a supernova."

"That's right. Abruptly, that event seemed to cause some sort of reaction in the Plague. That month, fifty worlds fell. Nearly double the previous month's rate. A coincidental blip under ordinary circumstances, but an important data point nonetheless."

She continues to play out a series of events in the galaxy.

"Four years ago, the Volgrim launched a massive attack on a Plaguetouched World to try and wrest back control. This world was an extremely important black-level site, not unlike Moonbase Serris. They lost more than a thousand 6th Level Psions and half a dozen 7th Level Psions to the Plague on that day. They also lost one of their Executors..."

Rebecca shakes her head in dismay.

"It was a terrible loss. They failed to retake the world in the end. While those Psions did ultimately revive, the Plague gained the ability to copy and mimic their abilities. This drastically strengthened the Kolvaxian threat, and the repercussions are still being felt to that day."

She manipulates the galaxy map to show that month's activity.

"Despite such a major operation, which should have surely caused a rebound effect of some sort, the Plague's movements remained constant. Your husband, and his clone, have caused far more activity from the Plague than even one of the greatest invasions launched by the Volgrim in our era. Don't you find that odd?"

Phoebe's hands tremble. "Y-yes. I do. Have the Volgrim noticed?"

"Of course they have. Unarin may have even discovered this anomalous data-point before Marie Becker did. It's one of the reasons the Volgrim are hesitant to act hostilely toward you. They are not certain what connections the Wordsmiths have with the Plague, if any at all. And then there's this information that Gressil may be involved, while he was also the one who released your husband from his cryogenic chamber..."

Phoebe listens somberly to this shocking news. She pieces together a few clues of her own regarding various major moments that happened in only the last six months and why the Plague has accelerated faster and faster at its world-devouring speed. It seems that the Beelzebub detonation event also somehow caught the Plague's attention, but the moment Jason teleported all of humanity to Tarus II caused the greatest escalation of interest to date.

"How long until the Plague devours the entirety of the Milky Way?" Phoebe asks quietly.

"Oh, that's millions of years away." Rebecca says. "But the Kolvaxian scourge doesn't need to devour the entire galaxy to win the war. If it seizes all the resource-rich worlds, as well as Volgarius, the Volgrim lose. They could become a space-faring civilization, but the Plague is a massive organic entity, always evolving, always growing. Who knows what capabilities it might come to possess given time? Perhaps it will ultimately take to space to remove them from the equation once and for all."

Phoebe starts to interject, but Rebecca raises a finger. "And before you ask, traveling to other galaxies is not a realistic option. You don't want to know how outclassed the Volgrim are outside of their home turf. The Plague is comparable to a handful of soldiers in the inter-galactic scheme of power."

Phoebe simply nods. "I see. So ultimately, you're saying...?"

"I'm saying humanity is going extinct soon. So are the Cybernites, the Demons, the Monsters, and the Volgrim." Rebecca explains. "It's only a matter of time. We need to scale up our wartime capabilities. We need to fight back. Most importantly, we need a counter-measure. We need _something_ that can defeat the Plague, or at least give us a fighting chance."

Rebecca turns off the glowing image of the Milky Way beaming from her iris.

"So, that's why I'm excited to come here. Helping humanity rebuild is fine and dandy, but we're going to need to go far beyond anything you've achieved to date. You might have managed to hold off a bottom-tier Cosmic, but Mephisto is nothing compared to a Plaguehost Executor. If one of those breaks past the frontlines and shows up on Tarus II, your species is dead."

"Our species." Phoebe corrects. "You might have a digitized body, but you were fully human once."

Rebecca shrugs. "I can accept that. Now that the pleasantries are out of the way and the existential dread is helping to motivate you to action, would you like to show me around and explain what you've been up to?"

"Don't you already know?" Phoebe scoffs. "Marie has microscopic spy drones everywhere."

"I know the broad strokes, but I'm not talking about the technology on Tarus II." Rebecca explains patiently. "I'm talking about _you_. Specifically, your philosophy and how it manifests in everything you design. The better I get to know you, the easier it will be for me to help you achieve your goals."

"I see. Then I'd be happy to show you around." Phoebe says with a smile. "And Jason is certainly going to want to talk to you."

"Where IS the First Wordsmith anyway?" Rebecca asks, quickly pivoting her head to look around. "I haven't been able to detect him since I arrived on Tarus II..."

"He's... I shouldn't say." Phoebe says, changing the topic quickly. "I'll leave it to him to tell you."

"So that's how it is!" Rebecca laughs. "Fine. Keep your secrets."

"I'll certainly try." Phoebe answers, though she can only assume any attempt at subterfuge will ultimately fail where Marie is involved.