Part 448: Linda's Love

Corporal Linda Hurent departs the Tarus II hospital with a heavy heart. Being the person who was supposed to watch over a dozen young girls as their caregiver and ensure their safety, the deaths of three of her charges leaves her feeling hollow inside. Her gloomy eyes gaze forward while she walks. Occasionally, a random person will wave hello at her, only to pause when they see the look of loss on her face. They try to get through to her, but their words ricochet off an invisible wall as she absentmindedly ignores them.

_Three dead children. Three beautiful little girls. I was supposed to protect them. I failed._

Just like Cassiel, Linda entirely blames the deaths of the kids on herself. She regrets not thinking to bring any anti-venom with her. She regrets more things than she can count, a fact that makes her stomach sink into the pits.

All of a sudden, a car horn beeps out behind Linda, jarring her thoughts. She quickly spins around to see a compact military SUV behind her on the street leading west off the city plateau.

Samuel Baker leans out of the driver's side window. He narrows his eyes.

"Christ. You look like shit, Linda. Get in."

Linda nods numbly. She turns around, shuffles over to the passenger door, and clambers into the vehicle.

This SUV, a compact vehicle with only two seats, was made by Phoebe Hiro to be small, quiet, and efficient enough for use on civilian roads, yet rugged enough for off-road traversal in the open plains, allowing it to travel off the beaten path and scout out the greater area around Tarus II's main city.

Linda clicks her seatbelt into place, then glances at Samuel.

"...You heard?"

"It's all over the comms." Samuel says. "Three dead kids. Their souls devoured by a demon... Neil told me to come pick you up. He wants to talk to you."

"I was on my way to see him." Linda says. "Thanks. You're saving me a lot of trouble, Samuel."

"Mmm."

Samuel presses his foot down and gently accelerates, making his way down the crowded city streets past walls of humans, monsters, and demons, all intermingling and living together seemingly in harmony...

After a full minute of silence, Linda finally speaks.

"We have a murderer in our midst."

"Indeed we do." Samuel answers. "A demon."

"It's always a demon." Linda murmurs. "First I was deceived by Mara, and now some unknown assailant..."

"I asked Neil to assign me to the investigation team." Samuel says. "But he told me he has other plans. Wouldn't say what they were, though. Mind asking when you see him? I bet he'll open up to you."

"I can try. But it's the last thing on my mind." Linda says. "I just don't understand. _Why_? We have the Merit Tokens. Any demon can much more easily evolve through the Belial Booster than through killing and devouring a person's soul. Even if Tokens are a little harder to acquire lately, they're still quite plentiful and don't carry the risk of a major diplomatic incident."

"You speak as if a 'major diplomatic incident' isn't exactly what the murderer wants." Samuel says.

"What do you mean?" Linda asks, turning to look at the man. "You're telling me they want to foment hatred of demons?"

"You said it in your report." Samuel points out. "There were signs of chaos energy embedded in the children's bodies. The only demon we know who is capable of wielding that type of energy freely is Gressil. And Beelzebub too, I suppose, given his detonation at the end of Stormbringer. But analysts say that was a 'fluke.'"

"Right. A fluke." Linda grimaces. "So if Gressil is at fault, then what is his end-game? He sabotaged the power supply not too long ago, but we fixed that pretty easily. Killing three children is awful, but it doesn't seem like it will materially affect the human-demon relations all that much."

Samuel sighs. "For now, maybe not. But you forget one important thing, Linda. Demons live forever. It doesn't have to cause a war within some set time period. Don't you see? The Emperor of Chaos can choose to slowly create incidents like this, and since we can't track him, it will cause a breakdown in our relations over a long, sustained period of time."

"But we know it's Gressil doing all this. Not the other Emperors or demons." Linda points out.

"Do we?" Samuel asks. He looks at her for a moment, then returns his eyes to the road and shakes his head. "I don't trust these fucking demons, and neither do you. Most of our fellow soldiers certainly don't. We have no idea if Gressil acted personally, or if someone else acted on his behalf. But me, I'm a gambling man. I'll bet Gressil has secret allies within the Hidden Emperors. They smile at us, shake our hands, and tell us the past is the past... but those old cunts are terrified. They know they're on a timer, we know they're on a timer, and they know _we_ know this fact. Behind all the smiles, there's an undercurrent of fear as they watch their chances of returning to the top of the hierarchy plummet further every day."

"They're incentivized to work with Gressil..." Linda says slowly. "Because they want to destabilize humanity. But if we kick the demons out, they'll lose access to the Belial Booster, among our other toys."

"We won't kick them out." Samuel says, with more than a hint of disgust in his voice. "Because _Jason Hiro_ doesn't want them gone. That stupid sap still wants to play house with our enemies. He thinks his overwhelming power means they won't dare retaliate. But even a blind man can see that isn't true. They don't have to declare war to cause us severe problems... or slowly weaken us through attrition."

"It's a good thing we have Hope and Neil on our side." Linda says. "Only they have the strength to stand strong against the tyranny of idiocy."

...

Linda and Samuel continue talking for ten or so minutes while the Lieutenant drives her to the outskirts of the northwestern military base. He drops Linda off, and she enters the complex without him. After Samuel drives away, Linda makes her way inside, where Debra ushers her toward Neil's office.

"Mr. Adams is waiting for you." Debra says.

"Thanks, Debra." Linda says, smiling at the pretty blonde secretary. After entering Neil's office, Linda pauses inside, then reaches behind herself and swings the door shut.

Sitting behind his desk, Neil Adams holds a feather with ink on its tip, and a litany of papers lay in neat arrangements on his desk. He doesn't immediately acknowledge Linda's presence, but instead finishes scrawling out a sentence with the black ink stuck to the quill's tip.

Linda slowly approaches his desk. She glances at the dizzying array of paperwork and raises an eyebrow. "You know this would all be much easier to manage and organize if you used digital files, Commander."

Neil finishes writing his sentence, then sticks the feather back into its tiny ink pot. He clasps his hands together atop his desk, then looks up at Linda.

"Yes, but I'm a little old fashioned." Neil says. "I always wrote with a feather when I worked under Napoleon, and I don't like to change my habits. They provide me a certain sense of... security."

"I can understand that." Linda says quietly.

"So, how are you, Miss Hurent?" Neil asks, leaning back and gesturing to the chair across from him, on the opposite side of his desk. "Aside from the no-doubt crippling feelings of guilt and anxiety that must be eating at you right now."

Linda gently sits in the luxurious chair and sighs deeply. "Surprisingly... a bit better, now that I'm here, Commander. It's always nice being in your company."

"These are trying times." Neil says. "Though they may not seem as such on the surface. People often gravitate to sources of strength when their hearts feel uncertain."

The two briefly fall silent.

"Three children dead." Neil says. "And an unknown demon is at fault. I've sent some people to collect samples from the bugs that attacked the girls. Perhaps we'll be able to detect traces of demonic energy on their bodies."

"I was right there." Linda mutters. "And I couldn't protect them."

"You did the best you could under the circumstances." Neil says. "More importantly, I'm surprised you didn't place more emphasis in your report on the positive development that resulted from that situation."

"Huh?" Linda asks, blinking in confusion. "What positive development are you talking about? Nothing that happened was good!"

"On the contrary." Neil says. "Don't you understand? That angel we rescued... Cassiel. She revealed herself to you and proceeded to levitate the girls all the way back to Heroic City. Had she not been there, the casualties may have been much higher."

Linda scrunches up her face. "Cassiel was devastated by their deaths. She may have blamed herself more than even I did..."

"She will get over them." Neil says with an odd amount of confidence. "Few know Cassiel's true identity. The angels have done well to keep her presence hidden. But as for me... I have extremely high faith in her future."

Even more confused than before, Linda slumps back in her chair. "You know her?"

"In a manner of speaking. Commander Napoleon came into contact with the Angels on many occasions. One of those times, he met the Daughter of Heaven. He spoke highly of her beauty... and her power."

Neil smiles.

"Of course, when we first rescued Cassiel, I had no idea who she truly was. But thanks to discussions with a few of the men under my command, it came out that Belial had revealed Cassiel's true identity to a pair of soldiers in the hospital. Luckily, I managed to silence those rumors. I wouldn't want our enemies finding out the truth..."

A flicker of realization passes over Linda's face. "She must be someone of some importance."

"Oh, indeed." Neil says, nodding sagely. "Lord Napoleon once told me in private that I must show absolute respect to the Daughter of Heaven. Not only is she a Lazarite, but the strongest one of all. A reborn human with powers that even caught the attention of the Archangels. He was only able to gaze upon her face in person once, but he claimed that her beauty came from the light of creation itself."

"High praise." Linda says respectfully. "It seems Napoleon was smitten with her."

"He claimed that she embodied the perfection of the ideal Frenchwoman." Neil says. "But by no means did my Lord feel any romantic interest in the Daughter of Heaven, only a deep respect embedded within his bones. And so, I carry that torch. I believe that if the Wordsmiths should ever fail, she may yet become humanity's salvation. Our guiding light."

Neil lightly raps his fingers on his desk.

"She was terribly traumatized by what Gressil did to her. And yet, when the time came, she steeled her heart and revealed herself to save those children. She took a huge risk, exposing herself in the open like that... when the Emperors would surely wish to pluck her wings while she is vulnerable. I have nothing but respect for the fortitude of her heart. Even after 100,000 years tortured by the worst demon in existence, her Maiden's Heart remained defiant. Not even the worst torture could break her spirit..."

A smile plays upon Neil's lips, one that gives Linda a slight vibe of nostalgia.

The moment passes.

He sobers his expression, then turns to her.

"I called you here because I wanted to make sure you were doing well, mentally, Corporal. I imagine seeing those children die must be weighing terribly on your conscience."

Linda hangs her head. "You know what it's like to lose children, Commander."

He nods. "I do. All because of that Bahamut."

"I wasn't one of Bahamut's victims." Linda says. "I'm just a soldier from the first colony you liberated. Can you... tell me what it was like? Being under Bahamut's control?"

Neil frowns. He averts his eyes to look off to the side, at the artwork hanging on his walls.

"Six years have passed since I regained my freedom. When I toiled under Bahamut's spell, I could not control my thoughts, my emotions, or my observations. It was as if a parasite had taken over my existence and began leading me around by my nose. The disorientation I felt made it so that I perceived every second of my imprisonment, yet the time flew by in an instant."

"I remember the time before Bahamut as clearly as if it were only seven years ago." Neil continues. "One day, I was on the battlefield with my Lord, and the next, I was bowing to Jason Hiro, thanking him for freeing me. But at the same time, I remember every moment I lived as a monster, obediently doing anything Bahamut commanded me."

"You must miss your wife and children terribly." Linda says.

"The pain is still raw. Still fresh." Neil answers. "Time passes, but I never forget. Sometimes I even wonder why I bother doing all of this. I no longer have a family to return to. I no longer have a boy and girl who cry out to me when I come home... 'papa, papa!'"

Linda's expression becomes thoughtful. "I think I know why you stay here, Commander. Why you continue to fight the good fight."

"You do?" Neil asks. "Even I don't have all the answers."

"It seems obvious to me, from my outside perspective." Linda says. "You've suffered, but you don't want others to suffer. You know what it's like to lose a family to the demons. You take charge because you want other men to grow old with their wives and children. You want families to live free of the oppression of the demons. Even if you can no longer participate in that happiness... you hope it will 'redeem' you in the eyes of Karma. Make you worthy of someday seeing them again."

Neil slowly traces a finger across his lips while falling deep into thought.

"...Yes. That might be the case. I've lost Melia. I've lost Barth and Sierra. But there are others out there who still have families, who can still come home to their loved ones. I would not want them to suffer preventable losses."

He glances at the Corporal.

"And what about you? Do you have any family you've kept out of the limelight?"

His words, somewhat teasing, don't particularly spark any light in Linda's eyes.

"None. I joined your army as a new recruit from the world of Maiura. Freshly liberated from the demons, I was eager to join the resistance and fight back against them. After all... they slaughtered my entire family. If you had liberated Maiura just one year earlier, you might even have been able to save my sister's life..."

"I didn't realize you had a sister." Neil says quietly. "I'm... sorry we weren't fast enough."

"Lynne was my twin." Linda explains. "She and I were a matching set. Some demons thought that made us... desirable. One demon thought it would be funny if we weren't a set anymore. So he killed her."

She shrugs lightly.

"And just like that. She was gone."

"Their cruelty knows no end." Neil says. "I'm sorry you had to suffer that loss. But at least it means you always have some perspective. You know why we must never give up that fight to exterminate the bloodskins."

"It does, and I do." Linda nods in affirmation. "It's also why I respect your determination to keep fighting, even when you have no true skin in the game."

The two continue talking for a while longer, but eventually, their discussion shifts to other subjects.

Linda glances at the papers scattered around Neil's desk. "What have you been working on?"

"A bit of this, a bit of that." Neil says casually. "You see, the Wordsmith and I had a little chat not long ago. We've both decided it might be time for... the Big Split."

"Hm? What's that?" Linda asks.

"Humanity will separate into two super-colonies." Neil explains. "The population of each being based on who can woo more people. I've decided not to try and stay on Tarus II, but instead to move our base of operations to another world. What do you think about transitioning half of humanity to Maiura?"

Linda's eyes light up. "Truly? I would be honored if my homeworld became humanity's second home. But how many people do you think will join you there?"

Neil gestures to the papers before him. "That's what I am trying to determine. I have two weeks to carefully craft a speech that will sway as many hearts as possible, but I'm facing a difficult decision..."

He pauses.

"For obvious reasons, this second colony will _not_ allow even a single demon to enter its confines. We will be forbidding them entirely. But what of the monsters? Those half-servants to demonkind? We've been treating them as humanity's natural allies, but I wonder if we wouldn't be better-off shunning them, too..."

"The monsters?" Linda asks. "Why would you have a grudge against any of them? I know many wonderful monsters who walk among our people. The fairies, for instance. The minotaurs, reptilians like Kar..."

"But they are not human." Neil says simply. "They have stayed in our good graces due to a series of coincidences... but need I remind you? It was a monster who imprisoned me and countless others: Bahamut. She is even more my enemy than any demon ever was. Yet I am expected to keep quiet about the monsters living amidst our people. I cannot reconcile detesting demons with allowing monsters to remain in our ranks."

Linda hesitates. "I... I don't think banishing them from our ranks would go over well, Commander. With all due respect, I personally adore many of them. Blinker fought valiantly to save humanity. So did Yamir, who is also considered the best chef on Tarus II. Doctor Fathy has saved innumerable lives. There are countless other examples. Don't you think... you might be taking your hatred... a bit too far?"

Neil doesn't immediately respond. He becomes eerily quiet, as if lost in thought. The Commander swivels his chair partially to gaze out the window at the muted, sunny day outside, while his eyes flicker.

"I don't know. Perhaps I am. I'm less worried about offending the monsters, and more about how our human soldiers would take their loss on an emotional level. I fear it would damn me in the eyes of my men and women. They would hate me for saying such a thing, and it would shatter our cohesion. Better to simply keep quiet and pretend the monsters are the same as us... though I know they are not."

"Yes." Linda says. "Best to simply keep quiet..."

She and Neil stop talking for a short while. An awkward silence fills the air.

Neil clears his throat. "Ahem. Well, if you'll excuse me, Corporal, I must be getting back to work. Thank you for your time, and I hope you'll let me know if the situation changes with those children. I'm going to be putting a specialist on the task, soon enough."

He looks at Linda, but she doesn't move from her seat. Instead, she becomes oddly quiet, fiddling with her hands in her lap.

"Corporal?" Neil repeats.

Linda blinks twice, as if exiting a daze. "Ah! Yes, well... before I go, there was one other thing... Neil."

Her casual use of his first name slightly throws him off. "Hm? Is there something else on your mind... Miss Hurent?"

She nods slowly. "I've been meaning to ask you for a while, but I... I can't ever seem to muster up the courage."

"I am an open book." Neil says, spreading his arms. "There's no need to be afraid of bringing up indiscretions among your troops or other concerns. I won't judge."

However, his words don't seem to allay her concerns. Linda's ears turn slightly red at the tips as she coquettishly looks down at her lap, then back at her Commander.

"I... I might be being a little too bold, Neil." Linda says. "But I was wondering if you'd... like to... go somewhere with me. Privately. P-perhaps for a night on the town, even. If you'd like. But you don't have to feel obligated, or anything like that."

Neil blinks.

"Miss... Miss Hurent. Are you _propositioning_ me?"

Linda stares awkwardly at him, then looks away.

"I knew I shouldn't have. I'm sorry, Commander. I don't know when to keep my mouth shut."

"No, no, it's fine." Neil says, frowning slightly. "I simply... didn't realize you looked at me in that way. I'm always so busy. I never particularly think about these matters."

Linda bites her lower lip. She looks back at Neil, trying hard not to blush. "I'm speaking out of turn, really. You can ignore me. I know you have Debra, so I really shouldn't have pushed my way in like that."

"Debra?" Neil asks. "Oh. You think it's... like that. No. I'm afraid it isn't."

Neil purses his lips for a moment. His eyes become unfocused.

"Debra and I were both monsters under Bahamut's command. I won't lie. When I awoke to a far-future hellscape where my family was long dead, I felt quite lost in that moment, and Debra was..."

He pauses.

"...she was there for me. And she does... greatly resemble... my wife, Melia. Perhaps even a bit too much. I immediately felt some thoughts of filling the hole in my heart with her. But these days, it stings to look at Debra and think such things. I feel as if I might as well be replacing Melia with a clone and slapping her across the face."

Linda listens attentively. She shakes her head.

"If your wife knew the circumstances in which you disappeared, she would not blame you. She would understand the pain you've endured. She would want you to move on, I think. And so would your children. No doubt, they grew up to become a fine man and woman, a duo who would have made you proud."

"Yes. Maybe so..." Neil mutters.

Linda gathers up her courage and leans toward him. "I... truly respect you, Neil. I know what it means to lose my whole family. To be too weak to protect them. To feel like a failure. I always see you alone, isolated from the troops. It makes me wish I could help you fill up that void in your chest."

Neil chuckles. "So you pity me. This is a new feeling I've not experienced before."

"Not pity." Linda clarifies. "Like I said. It's respect. And... perhaps it's still too soon for you to move on from your family. I'll understand if it is. But why don't we... give it a try? Why don't we test the waters a bit? See if we're compatible."

"I'm your superior officer." Neil says. "I don't think it would be appropriate."

"Then I'll leave the military." Linda says, startling even herself with her boldness. "Should Jason and Phoebe not be together simply because they both hold high posts? Let's not make excuses, Neil. If you don't want to try... going out with me... then I'll understand. But I won't let the excuse of military rank hold me back."

Neil coughs. "Ahem! Are all Maiuran women as _bold_ as you?"

"Don't know." Linda says. "I'm not all Maiuran women. I'm just me."

Neil nods. Then he falls silent.

Humanity's military commander turns his chair 180 degrees, hiding himself from Linda. He gazes through the window, falling deep into thought.

Several minutes pass.

Linda's expression begins to sink. She becomes embarrassed, thinking of all the ways she may have irreparably humiliated herself.

But finally, Neil speaks.

"...Alright. I'll give this a... a try."

"You will?!" Linda exclaims.

Neil turns back in his chair. He leans forward, rests his elbows on his desk, and smiles.

"I've been thinking about a great many things lately, Miss Hurent. About where humanity will soon go. What my place in its future will be. Leading a military campaign is fine and dandy... but you were right when you said I had no skin in the game. I've been living as a dead man, chasing after old grudges. Perhaps I need to develop my relationships more. Live a little more. Pursue more. Maybe then I will finally be able to see the bigger picture and know where humanity must advance next."

Linda nods seriously. "Maybe it won't work out between us. But I am glad you're at least willing to see where the wind takes us. I can't replace your Melia... and I wouldn't ever want to. But maybe I can offer something new."

"This isn't a business transaction." Neil says, standing up. He starts walking around the desk toward Linda, and holds out a hand, causing her heartbeat to quicken. "We're both mature adults. I won't deny that I do find you... attractive. But I won't know if I'm truly ready to move on until I take that first step."

Linda nods. She takes Neil's hand and allows him to pull her to her feet. The two of them stand closer than they ever have before, close enough that they can feel the breath on each other's faces.

"When do you have free time?" Linda asks softly.

"Today. Two hours from now." Neil says. "Why don't we take a boat ride out on the eastern lake? Say, four o'clock?"

Linda smiles, revealing her shining white teeth through her thin pink lips.

"Yes. I'd like that."