Part 429: The Excalibur Initiative

Exolis Whitspur. One of the five Clan Leaders of Clan Dyna. Due to his youthful age, he might not be the highest ranking member, but he quickly rose to power due to his innovative solutions to longstanding technological blockades that plagued Volgrim society for more than a quarter of a million cycles. As such, he has come to possess much prestige among his peers, and has earned himself great accolades from his superiors, as well as his equals.

Even so, he is still only one of five Clan Leaders running Dyna. Considered the most powerful, longest standing, and most prestigious of all Technopath Clans, the influence he wields is significantly higher than that of his guest today, Clan Oblong's leader, Sangin Lidra.

The black-skinned leader of Dyna sports a red uniform with gold-stripes. Unlike other Technopaths, no visible augments appear on his body. He commands attention through his muscular bipedal build, his five-fingered hands, and his elongated skull. Despite resembling a brutish battlefield commander, the fifth Clan Leader of Dyna is neither a foolish brute nor a reclusive researcher, but a balanced fusion of the two.

He sits inside his luxurious office, an area he has designated as his inner sanctum. His walls are adorned with beautiful works of art, many of them focusing on ancient battles the Volgrim fought on hostile worlds, while others show off his rise over time to his current prestigious heights. In some images, he stands beside other noteworthy Technopath and Psion elites, showing off his extensive and solid social network. At the same time, many shelves filled with high technology line the walls, including older models of top-of-the-line black level hardware that lesser Technopath clans would kill to glimpse.

His piercing yellow eyes sweep across the contents of a datapad in his hands.

_The Sentient Weapon Observation and Research Division's newest reports appear promising due to the recent acquirement of the Heroic Artifact known as Solomon's Crown. Early studies show an unexpected resonance event between the Crown and other artifacts. More information to come soon._

Exolis flicks through several other entries, some of which note the downturn of recent developments after the loss of all their viable Terran research subjects.

_Unfortunate._ Exolis thinks to himself. _But understandable. Losing all of our Terran-biologicals at the same time has drastically slowed down our R&D divisions. However, S.W.O.R.D. has still managed to make some important gains in spite of the crisis. I'll have to reward them by diverting an additional supply of vat-clones to their head researchers._

He lightly strums his fingers on the table while falling deep into thought. Interestingly, Exolis is one of a very small percentage of Technopaths who opt to surgically replace their arm-tentacles with bone-based digits, though for what reasons, only he can fully understand. For a leader of a top Technopath clan to do so is considered especially odd, but few would ever second-guess him due to all his past accomplishments.

_Strange. Reports indicate that all of the Terrans in the Milky Way were teleported to the world of Tarus II through the Wordsmith's magic. Despite this, the Terrans seem not to have noticed. If they did notice, they've remained oddly quiet. Perhaps their leaders have opted to cover the matter up? Considering the fates which would have befallen the vat-clones, I can understand why they might... but it is still an unexpected response from such a hot-blooded species._

While Exolis contemplates this divergence in humanity's behavior, a light pings on a computer console beside him. He doesn't move a muscle, but instead transmits a wireless command to receive the incoming communication request.

"Leader Exolis." A mid-level executive says. "Clan Leader of Oblong, Sangin Lidra, has arrived."

"I am presently unoccupied." Exolis says. "Bring her in."

"Yes, sir."

The line cuts off. After a few minutes, the opaque reinforced glass doors to Exolis's office hiss open, and a female Technopath hovers in, her circular pod levitating a foot or two off the floor. Exolis rises from his seat, then walks around his desk across his office to meet the newcomer.

"Ah, Lidra. You look as lovely as ever." Exolis says, taking great care to conceal his disgust at the stereotypical array of technology bolted onto her body and that useless hovering bucket which has replaced her lower torso.

_So low-class._ Exolis thinks, while maintaining his polite façade. _Always, my fellow Technopaths want to outfit themselves with technology in such a crude, ugly manner. Subtlety is lost on them._

Lidra spreads her arms out in a welcoming gesture. "Leader Exolis, it is a pleasure to see you again. I've brought you some promising results regarding five black-level technologies, as well as seventeen red-level technologies."

Exolis nods. As expected, Lidra has brought him the information he requested. However, before he can open his mouth to respond, Lidra continues.

"Would you like me to neurally transfer my results?"

For the briefest of instants, Exolis pauses, slightly startled by this request. However, he schools his expression and nods. "Yes, yes, of course. Come and have a seat. We'll discuss your recent findings in great detail."

At the same time as Exolis speaks, he activates a subdermal implant inside his skull. This bit of technology is something quite ubiquitous among all Technopaths, as it allows them to connect to all sorts of devices wirelessly and transmit large amounts of information to and from their cerebral synapses. Naturally, Exolis's is far superior to the low and mid-grade implants his lessers possess, including advanced security and anti-hacking countermeasures to protect his existence, but those details don't matter for ninety-nine percent of usage cases.

_Except for this one._

He activates a transmission link while he and Lidra turn to walk toward his desk. In the instant between instants, the two of them begin communicating at an unthinkable speed, transmitting hundreds of words every nanosecond, far faster than any lesser-biological mind can comprehend, except for perhaps a Brain Enhancer Psion...

[Clan Leader Lidra.] Exolis transmits, as his body slowly begins to turn toward his desk. [State the nature of the emergency.]

[I suspect there is someone pursuing me.] Lidra says, her body also slowly beginning to follow after Exolis. [I first hypothesized it was a rogue Psion. However, I have not been able to detect any remnant psionic patterns in the local airspace. There were also no unexpected discoveries in my headquarters, and every other scan came up clean.]

[Then why do you believe you are being followed?] Exolis asks.

[I cannot give you a concrete answer. It is merely my 'intuition.' I feel as if something is watching me, and I do not know what. I will transmit the last ten standard time units of my observations to you.]

In the single second it takes them to turn around and head toward Exolis's desk, Lidra transmits a series of emotional, mental, and psychological sensations to her fellow Clan Leader. Despite the lack of any hard data, she believes that these feelings dogging her do not come from nowhere. Exolis experiences the last ten hours of her life as identically as if he were living in her shoes. He also experiences those same strange feelings, including the sensation of something brushing the back of her neck.

[There is no hard evidence to suggest you are being followed.] Exolis states after reviewing the data. [However, you were right to contact me. I have recently received a Top Secret file passed down directly from Founder Cuanali. You are aware Founder Unarin recently spent a significant amount of time with the Terran designated Jason Hiro?]

[I am.] Lidra says, only for her heart-rate to spike. [Are you implying...?]

[Jason Hiro is presently on Tarus II.] Exolis says. [As of less than half a standard time-unit ago, we have confirmed his exact position and have been monitoring his whereabouts. This does not exclude the possibility of his powers taking an esoteric form to infiltrate our Empire. However, there is a much more likely reason for the feelings you are experiencing.]

Exolis pauses to let his next words sink in.

[The entity pursuing you may be the Second Wordsmith, Hope Hiro. We have been unable to deduce his whereabouts for several rotational cycles. Founder Unarin confirmed that Jason Hiro possesses exceptional stealth capabilities, as well as anti-stealth capabilities, which likely means his clone does too. We have already begun to search several top secret facilities for traces of the second Wordsmith, and now it is entirely possible we have unwittingly stumbled onto him due to your observational skills.]

Lidra doesn't feel any sense of pride at the thought she may have helped the Founders, but instead dread due to not one counter-measure being capable of sensing the Wordsmith's presence.

[By the Founders!] Lidra exclaims. [Then we should contact the Executors! We must capture the Wordsmith at once!]

Exolis expresses amusement through his emotional sub-connection. [That is not the decision the Founders have made. We need to maintain an alliance with the First Wordsmith. While we have observed that he has no strong attachments to the Second Wordsmith, we mustn't discount the possibility that we have overlooked extenuating circumstances. If we capture the Second Wordsmith, he may use his magic to alert the First Wordsmith to his predicament, and this could cause a serious diplomatic breakdown between our species.]

Lidra remains quiet for a fraction of a moment.

[Then what action should we take?]

Exolis's emotions spike for a brief instant, sending a sensation of _condescension_ Lidra's way.

[The Second Wordsmith is here to _investigate_ our Empire. The fact that no High Psions have noticed his presence means he has already learned to evade their detection. No doubt, he intends to secretly locate the Heroic Artifacts. We have already anticipated this eventuality. We will give him what he wants.]

[I do not understand.] Lidra says. [Founder Unarin passed down a directive to delete all records relating to the Heroic Artifacts and their whereabouts after we discovered the Wordsmith's emergence. Why would he wish to undo that decree now?]

[You are not as wise as the First Founder.] Exolis states. [How can you comprehend his genius? We now know that the Second Wordsmith is mostly likely pursuing you. Giving him the location of the Artifacts on _our_ terms can benefit us greatly. _Especially_ if we know he is coming.]

Lidra transmits a sensation of comprehension. [Of course. The First Founder is wise. He is always thinking ten steps ahead of these inferior mud-dwellers. I should not question his wisdom.]

The two of them maintain their communication link, but lower the transfer rate after communicating some more information in secret. Within a few real-time seconds, they reach Exolis Whitspur's desk. He takes a seat at the commanding side, while Lidra hovers at the receiving side.

"I have reviewed your findings, and they are quite promising." Exolis says out loud, seemingly picking up the conversation from a 'few seconds' before. "I was actually wondering if you could review the notes on the S.W.O.R.D. operation. We've run into some issues with the Excalibur Initiative."

He deliberately turns the datapad to face Lidra, though she could easily receive the information through her cerebral link if she so-desired. She in turn leans forward to look at the datapad, which displays a wireframe image of a familiar medieval blade.

"The Excalibur Initiative?" Lidra asks with a curious tone. "I am afraid that information is above my clearance level. The Founders would never entrust anyone outside of Clan Dyna with the Heroic Artifacts."

"You are an exception." Exolis says, his expression blank. "The Founders have heard about your recent successes with the Nanite Deconstruction Nodes. While they were not effective versus the Kolvaxians, they did show a lot of promise in other areas. We're willing to let you in on this specific program's details."

He pauses for a moment before continuing.

"The Excalibur Initiative recently encountered a significant setback when our experimental subjects all vanished. As such, we've run into multiple hindrances related to controlling its Divine Energy. However, that changed when we acquired Solomon's Crown. It seems we might be able to weaponize Excalibur if we can unite the two artifacts. Do you think you could provide us with any insights?"

Lidra scrunches up her face. "You evaluate me too highly, Leader Exolis. My skills are inferior to yours when it comes to the study of spiritual energy."

Exolis leans back in his chair and smiles. "What if you were to go there in person?"

"Well..." Lidra says, her tone hesitant. "My duties are significant. I do not know if I could spare that much time out of my day. Where is the S.W.O.R.D. facility located?"

As if expecting her question ahead of time, Exolis casually waves his hand above the datapad, changing the screen to show an image of a barren-looking world covered in grey dust, not unlike Earth's moon, Luna. A small but deep-looking hole on the surface easily draws one's attention, resembling a mineshaft leading into the planet's core.

"This is Serris. Some call it _The Vault_. It's a moon orbiting a gas giant in the Gedo system, just seventy light-cycles from here. Even if you travel at Warp Six, it won't take you more than a single cycle to arrive. But we'll provide you a Class III shuttle, so you can be there within the next few standard time-units."

He continues. "The Founders hollowed out Serris's core over a million cycles ago to keep all black-level research under lock and key. The only way in and out of the planet's core is through the tunnel bored into the moon's surface. It's a geologically stable world ideal for sensitive experiments. Not too far from Volgarius, but distant enough that snooping spies won't be able to stumble upon it by accident. The Founders keep space traffic there to an absolute minimum."

"So close to the homeworld..." Lidra idly remarks, leaning in to peer at the screen. "I truly am surprised. To think something of such importance would be within an arm's reach. Figuratively speaking, of course."

Exolis nods. "So, are you interested in my proposal? If not, I will have to request that you submit to a memory wipe of this conversation. We cannot allow knowledge of Serris to percolate among the greater population, not even for a Clan Leader like yourself."

"I am interested." Lidra quickly says. "Who would not be? A chance to engage in another clan's black-level research does not come often. And this is a specific path I have not been able to dabble in much, of late."

"You have earned this privilege." Exolis says kindly. "Your goal of capturing a Kolvaxian alive has not succeeded to date, but Oblong's innovations have reaped many Plagueborne lives. I believe that Oblong will be key to our species' future in the upcoming future."

"I thank you for your praise." Lidra says. "I will try to continue my clan's current rate of innovation."

The two of them continue to exchange pleasantries and information. After half an hour, their talks wind down, Lidra bows her, head, and she hovers out of the room.

Once she departs, Exolis remains seated, trying to 'sense' the surrounding area.

_I wonder if the Second Wordsmith will take the bait? If it is not him, there will not be any harm. But if it is? I do not believe he will be able to resist._

Silently, Exolis transmits a command through his cranial module.

[Special message to Founder Unarin. I believe I have located the _Lost Terran._]

---

Hope Hiro follows after Sangin Lidra. He listens in on her conversation with Exolis Whitspur and even gets the shock of his life when they 'luckily' begin to discuss the Excalibur Initiative.

However, after the meeting concludes and Lidra leaves, Hope begins to think carefully on the discussion he just observed.

_That was awfully convenient. Here I am looking for Heroic Artifacts and I stumble upon not just Excalibur, but Solomon's Crown too? And now I know the exact location for the world of Serris. I thought I'd have to do mind extractions to find what I'm looking for, yet it just ended up vomited onto my lap._

_Too easy. Waaay too easy. It seems the Volgrim don't KNOW I'm here, but they must suspect it. Their scans didn't reveal my presence, but Lidra may have made a stab in the dark at my identity. I didn't notice anything odd in their conversation, but Lidra and Exolis seemed to be explaining things in an overly simple manner, as if they were speaking to an 'audience.' Me._

He silently scratches his chin while levitating through the air. With practiced ease, Hope avoids bumping into anyone and continues following Lidra as she travels toward a hangar bay containing a special shuttle that will take her off-world.

_My intuition tells me there's a sixty percent chance this is a trap._ Hope thinks. _That probably is the actual facility containing Excalibur, but they might have a bunch of High Psions waiting for me when I arrive._

Hope pauses. His eyebrows shift several times.

_Should I try and read Lidra's mind?_

Having held back from reading even a single Volgrim mind since his arrival on Volgarius, Hope feels a great deal of apprehension about doing so. For all he knows, trying to intrude on an alien's thoughts might instantly reveal his presence. High-level Volgrim might have all sorts of mental defenses he can't anticipate, ranging from the technological to the Psionic.

_Maybe there's a better way._ Hope thinks.

He opens his mouth.

"**Prediction.**"

At once, a sudden blackness swallows his awareness.

...

Hope watches as several images flicker past his eyes.

A group of three Psions gaze at him, their expressions cruel.

[You were foolish to come here alone. We anticipated your arrival.]

An instant later, a blinding white light irradiates Hope's vision. He watches as the world of Tarus II is engulfed by cosmic energy, blasting him with its power. Hope opens his mouth to scream, but instead, he finds himself standing across from his other half, Jason.

Jason presses his palms against his eyes.

"Dead... god, they're all dead. Phoebe... Daisy... I couldn't save them! Aaaah!!"

An instant later, Jason disappears, and Unarin appears. The First Founder appears disappointed. He swirls a glass of liquid absentmindedly in his fingers.

"So much for the Wordsmiths. I guess we no longer have any choice. We'll have to enact the final measure."

A female Psion appears next to him.

[We may have lost the war, but we will never give up the fight.]

...

Hope's vision returns, and he finds himself sprawled on the floor. Alarmed, he quickly levitates back to his feet, only to breathe a sigh of relief when he sees Lidra some ways up ahead.

_Holy crap! I conked myself out for a good ten seconds or so! I'm lucky nobody stumbled across my unconscious body!_

He quickly scans the corridor but finds nobody around his position.

_What the hell were those images? I was only trying to find out if the Volgrim were planning to ambush me. Maybe those three Psions were the ambushers? But what was all that about Tarus II? Why was Phoebe dead? And what 'final measure' was Unarin talking about?!_

More confused than alarmed, Hope can't quite make heads or tails of those random visions. Bewildered, he quickly catches up to Lidra, then shakes his head.

_Forget it! Useless visions. If I can't read minds and I can't predict the future, then I won't bother. I'll just prepare for the worst._

_Now... what can I do to make sure I come out on top if half a dozen Executors pounce on me?_

He boards the shuttle behind Lidra, and it takes off, leaving the world of Volgarius behind.

All the while, he evaluates his options with great care...