Part 100: Attack On Titan

Leaving Uzziel's body behind, I travel across Heaven to an unknown location. As my eyes open, I notice my new host has a considerable height difference compared to Uzziel: I'm at least a foot taller than before. A dark room swallows the faint glow emanating from my body, while a single torch hangs on the stone wall, illuminating a horrifying scene.

A five-foot-tall demon hangs from the wall, suspended by two shackles clamped onto his wrists. Another demon, much shorter, lies strapped to a stone altar, all his limbs chained and spread out to each of the four corners.

Bael and Diablo stare at me, defiance in their eyes. Dozens of lacerations and burn marks cover their bodies. Only a few patches of mottled skin remain untouched, but both of the demons breathe weakly, unable to catch a proper breath.

The big one, Bael lifts his head. "P-pathetic. Pickin' on the boss, just 'cause he's weak. You know you can't break me."

"Thou shalt reveal where the other rats are hiding, or thy torture will never end," I say, smiling. Judging by my voice, I must be in Michael's body. It's the first time I've possessed him for a vision. I'm surprised by the strength in his arms and how confident he acts as he paces back and forth. There isn't a hint of desperation in his voice. "I can keep this up all day and night. Thou shalt never receive a moment's rest — not until thy secrets come spewing from thy putrid lips."

Diablo trembles. He tries to lift an arm, but it barely budges. "Haah... haah... we... we'll never... never tell you anything."

Anger boils in Michael's stomach. I slowly take a few steps around the altar and stop half a foot from Diablo's head. His eyes lock onto mine as I bend slightly at the waist. "I sense thy weakness, and I hear thy voice shake. Art thou afraid, little bloodskin? Thy mind tells thee to keep quiet, but thy heart knows speaking will prevent thee from suffering a great deal of pain."

Bael tugs at his chain, pulling himself up the wall an inch before sagging again. "Ugly chicken. You're too stupid to know when to quit. It must piss you off that we've held out for three days, eh? We ain't weaklings. You can't push us around like when we were imps."

My gaze narrows. I tilt my head to glare at the suspended one. "Quiet. Thy ridicule grows tiresome. Taunting me will prove fruitless. Holy Magic has little effect on thee, so I will abuse thy companion instead. It won't be much longer before he breaks."

Bael curls up his lip. "Don't say nothin', boss. Satan'll come for us. We just gotta hold out."

A throaty chuckle escapes my lips. "Kuhuhu... Satan? The treacherous little rat who tricked my brother? I think not. He fled like a coward and left thee to die. The look of panic on his face as he retreated was quite amusing."

Diablo grits his teeth. "Tch. Y-you didn't chase after him. Sounds like you were the coward to me!"

My eye twitches. I stab a finger at Diablo, press it against his chest, and funnel waves of Holy Energy into his body.

"AAAIIIEE!!" Diablo howls in agony. His fingers and toes clench as he struggles mightily to evade my touch. After ten long seconds of listening to Diablo's horrible screams, I retract my finger. A black mark sits on his chest, where I touched. Diablo's body sags as tears pour from his eyes. His chains stop rattling, and his strength fades.

"Be wary of the insolent words thou might speak. I'm not known for my restraint."

"Someone's touchy," Bael mutters.

I glare at the demon hanging on the wall. "I am not afraid of little red mice. However, the angels cannot leave Heaven, since Earth is the domain of the Titans. The exception is for when we issue a specific inquiry with Cronus, their leader. Thy accomplices are temporarily safe, but not for long. After my brothers speak to Cronus, he will permit us to tear down the forests and bore deep into the Earth in search of our enemies. They have days, perhaps weeks left to live."

Bael smirks at me. "So you _are_ afraid, eh? Whassa matter? Will the big bad Titans lay the smackdown if you step outta line?"

Silently, I draw my sword from its sheath. Bael's eyes dart down and follow its movements as I take two steps toward him. A moment later, I press the tip against his stomach and slowly push it into his body. Bael grits his teeth and winces, but he forces himself to show as little pain as possible.

Glowering at the fat bastard, I narrow my eyes. "Were the choice mine, I would kill any Titan in my way. The thought of war worries my family, but not I. I like neither their kind nor thine. We killed tens of thousands of thy kin over the last few days. Even now, my only lament is that we've stained Heaven's soil with their blood."

After a few moments, I yank my sword out of Bael's stomach. A stream of blood gushes from his fresh wound, but it seals after a few moments. Bael exhales audibly, releasing a breath he had been holding.

"Thou art quite durable," I mutter.

Bael nods. "M-my blood clots real easy."

"Color me unimpressed."

I wander back to Diablo. It's been less than a minute, but already he's breathing normally again, having recovered from my torturous holy energy.

"You... you feathery fuck. I'm not... not saying a word. I won't sell Satan out, or anyone else."

"What gives thee such fortitude, I wonder? Considering the manner in which thy people abandoned thee, what is it that makes ye go to any length to protect them? Why show loyalty toward those who abandoned thee?"

Diablo stares at me silently for a moment. "They're kin. They're _my_ kin. We have the same skin. We bleed the same blood. We all suffered under your boot. I'd sooner die than betray them."

"Ahaha. Then die, thou shalt," I promise. A sinister grin passes over my face. "But rest assured, I _will_ break thy spirit, little demon. Thy silence won't last forever. Soon, thou shalt-"

I pause mid-sentence. The sound of boots outside the chamber draws my attention. I glance toward the entrance, where a heavy stone door stands, resolute, unyielding. It lacks a handle on the inside, so even if the demons tried to escape, they'd have a difficult time. Only a slight crack at the bottom allows a trickle of light to stream through, and judging by the shifting shadows; someone must be standing outside.

"One moment," I say, raising a finger. I trudge toward the doorway and motion with my hands, casting a spell to unbar the entrance. The door swings open, assaulting my eyes with Heaven's Light. Michael's vision instantly adjusts to the change in light thanks to his angelic heritage.

Three Archangels stand outside. Immediately, Michael lowers his gaze to his sister. "Uzziel? Why art thou here?"

"Hm? Did I not tell thee?" Raphael asks. "We must seek an audience with the Titans today. Thou art coming, as is Uzziel."

Raphael's voice has a note of finality to it. Michael questions him anyway. "Must I go? I am still trying to- to... ah..."

He pauses, noticing the look of distress on Uzziel's face. She cranes her neck to try and see into the dark dungeon, but he steps out and closes the door behind himself. 

"Uzziel shall be our show of compassion, while the two of us will represent Heaven's might," Gabriel says, crossing his arms. "Raphael will appeal to Cronus's common sense, assuming the Titan King has any left."

Michael pauses to examine the emotions on Uzziel's face. His thoughts bubble in my mind.

_My sister lost a brother only a few days before, yet still, she worries about the fate of the bastards who slaughtered Samael. I shouldn't trouble her more than necessary._

Michael's demeanor softens. "Very well. A little fresh air can't hurt."

I walk over to Uzziel and pull her in for a quick hug. "Come, little sister. It has been many ages since we last saw Earth's state. Its beauty will surely pale compared to the lush gardens of Heaven, but thou hath always found comfort in its wild, untouched nature."

Uzziel continues staring at the door for a moment before turning to me. She forces a smile. Despite how disingenuine her grin is, the radiance catches me off-guard. She's stunningly beautiful, with an alluring figure that draws my eyes around its curves. I suddenly feel awkward while admiring her, given I'm in her brother's body. 

"Yes. Of course. I hope thou art feeling well, Michael."

I smile back, mine just as disingenuous as hers. "I've never been better."

Raphael sighs. "A lie if ever I've heard one."

---

Time passes. My mind returns to Uzziel's body as the four Archangels begin flying across the ancient Earth, heading toward an unknown destination.

The rushing of wind against my face and the dizzying speed at which the angels fly exhilarates me. Even if Solomon's Crown only gives the illusion of bodily sensations, I find the fake world around me as realistic as the one I've lived in for my entire life. Hundreds of trees speed by beneath us. A desert follows — an ocean as well.

The four of us reach a coastline, follow it for a while, then proceed toward a mountain in the distance. It rises hundreds of feet higher than Mount Sinai, where the angels live.

Once we draw within a mile of the mountain, all of us decelerate and dive toward an opening in the forest below, flying perfectly in parallel to one another. We pull up at the last second and come to a graceful landing, pausing to swat a few bugs off our robes.

The clearing we land in is filled with the sounds of various birds chirping and cawing above, as if to signal our arrival. They hang out in the branches, peering at us from the shadows. Angels are a rare sight on Earth, it seems.

An unpleasant, musky odor rises from various leaves and plants under our feet. It mixes with the moisture from recent rainfall, giving off the scent of a wet dog. Gabriel pauses to sniff the air. "Has Earth always possessed such a rank odor?"

I shake my head. "Nay. I am unfamiliar with these species of trees. Without my guiding hand, Earth has had millions of years to develop outside of my control."

Raphael gestures forward. "Come. Watch thy step. Mount Olympus is near."

Nodding, the rest of us follow our eldest brother. While the men wear boots or sandals, Uzziel goes barefoot. Every step she takes, Uzziel reaches out to touch the trees, or dig her toes into the mud, experiencing nature as viscerally as she can.

Her thoughts whisper in my mind. _I wish I could visit Earth more often. 'Tis unfortunate that I've never seen the descendants of the creatures I conceived._

After a few minutes, the edge of the forest appears. We continue toward it, but a rustling in the trees above catches my attention. I glance up in time to spot an odd-looking chimpanzee leap from one tree to another, clearing a gap above our heads. The male Archangels pay it no heed.

I wave hello and flash a sunny smile. The chimp pauses to ogle me for a moment before continuing on its merry way.

Michael pauses to glance at me. "Uzziel? Did ye see something?"

I lower my hand. "Oh, nothing much. There was a funny little creature hanging on a branch. I've never seen one like it before."

Michael turns and continues onward, showing little to no interest in the chimp.

"Mmm. I see."

...

We emerge from the tree cover onto a flat, grassy plain. The field extends for a mile in every direction, but we continue toward the base of the mountain we spotted earlier. It doesn't take long before we encounter two massive stone carvings, each a hundred feet tall. Each is in the image of a naked man with his palm outstretched, as if to say, _none may enter._

The statues stand guard before a gigantic cave opening at the base of the mountain. The hole dwarfs the statues, rising several hundred feet, with more than enough room for a battleship to comfortably fit inside. Raphael pauses before it. The rest of us watch silently as the old man mumbles to himself and begins weaving dozens of magic signs. After a full minute passes, he wipes his forehead, clears his throat, and opens his mouth.

"**KING CRONUS! MIGHTIEST OF THE TITANS! THE ARCHANGELS HAVE COME, SEEKING AN AUDIENCE!**"

Raphael's voice explodes like a ton of dynamite. Uzziel's entire body quivers from its kinetic energy, reminding me of when I caught the demons offguard with my Wordsmithing. I can only marvel at how long it took him to prepare a spell similar to mine, whereas I only had to utter a few words.

Times like these remind me of the untapped potential my Wordsmithing possesses.

Several minutes pass. Nobody says a word.

Suddenly, the birds in the forest go silent. An eerie stillness washes over the region. Clouds blot out the sun above, and the summer's breeze dies off.

From deep under the Earth, the rumbling of _massive_ footsteps reaches our ears, each one like a boulder slamming into concrete, shuddering and shaking the planet. It doesn't take long before a humanoid figure appears in the darkness of the cave. The naked giant steps forward and yawns loudly.

"Nnn! Gah. Bloody angels! How dare you disturb my slumber!"

Cronus stands over two-hundred feet tall. His big toe rises nearly to Gabriel's height. Seeing him reminds me of the first time I met Gabriel in a vision when he was a similar height. Scraggly brown hair and a fifteen-foot-long beard combine with a fat nose and potbelly, giving Cronus the appearance of a lazy hillbilly.

"King of the Titans. We respectfully come before thee today to seek an audience," Raphael says, bowing politely. It boggles my mind that this ugly, obese giant is the king of anything not named 'Dunkin Donuts.' "My brothers and sisters, as well as myself, have suffered a great loss not three days prior."

Cronus rubs his eyes. "Hrm. Great loss. Mmm. Right. Go on."

Michael squeezes his sword's hilt. The king's casual demeanor seems to irritate him. His thoughts etch onto his face, asking, _why must we show respect to this ugly, disgusting oaf?_

Raphael, however, ignores Cronus's disheveled condition. "Samael, the Archangel of Change, fell a few days ago to an ambush. The imps, our formerly loyal servants, rose up in rebellion and murdered him."

Michael's face twitches. "Aye! And they were far stronger than should have been possible! Quite the coincidence, wouldn't-"

"Quiet," Gabriel whispers, silencing Michael. "Allow Raphael to work his silver tongue."

Cronus blinks several times, finally clearing the sleep from his eyes. "The imps? Weren't those the ugly little red things? The rats?"

Raphael nods. "Aye. Their leader, Satan, fled Heaven a month prior, along with a few others. They later returned, but their bodies had changed. They grew far more powerful, in a surprisingly short period."

Cronus sighs. "Oh, bother. This story of yours is going to take a while, isn't it?"

Deciding not to wait for Raphael's reply, the King falls backward and slams his ass onto the ground, shaking the Earth. None of the Archangels lose their footing, though Michael grows even more annoyed by Cronus's laziness. 

The Titan shifts into a cross-legged position to get comfortable. He leans his elbow in his knee and rests his chin in his palm. "Hrm. Your servants rebelled and somehow managed to assassinate Samael. Is that what you're saying?"

"Correct. The imps gained potent magical abilities, seemingly from nowhere. Given their arrival on Earth, I hope I am not too forthcoming when I surmise that a nefarious plot may have been involved."

Cronus narrows his gaze. The Titan leans forward to loom over us. Even sitting down, the living mountain towers seventy-feet tall. "Are you accusing me of skullduggery, Raphael? Of plotting to kill your people?"

"Nay, nay. I would never insult thee in such an offensive manner," Raphael replies. The old man reaches into the folds of his red and gold robes to procure a small pipe. He quickly lights some tobacco in it and takes a few puffs. "However, thou art not the only Titan on Earth."

Several moments pass. Cronus rumbles disapprovingly in his throat and straightens his posture. "Other Titans. Yes. Of course. So, you accuse not me, but one of my brothers or sisters of empowering your servants to turn against you. While insulting, I begrudgingly admit that I rarely speak to the others. It has been many centuries since I last stood under Sol's light."

Michael balls up his hand into a fist. "Perhaps thou mayeth suspect someone? Atlas? Prometheus? Rhea?"

At the mention of the last name, Cronus's mood sours. "Watch your tongue, Michael. Disrespect my wife again, and I won't hesitate to reignite the ancient conflicts."

"Yes," Raphael says, nodding at Michael. "Please, keep quiet."

I reach over and touch Michael's arm, pulling close to him. "Cronus is our ally, Michael. Ascribing ill-intent toward his family is unbecoming of us."

Cronus's gaze flicks from Michael to me. "Ah! Uzziel! How are you, Mother? Long has it been since we last spoke."

I pull away from Michael and take a few steps toward the naked giant. "I am fine, I suppose. However, losing Samael has wounded me deeply. Surely, thou dost understand, given how many of thy family members have fallen over the eons."

"That I do," Cronus says, nodding. He reaches a massive finger toward me and gently rubs my head. "I might be an old codger, but I know the pain of death the same as any of you. I suppose I could ask around. Perhaps I can sniff out whoever is turning thy servants evil."

Raphael rubs his palms together. "Cronus, we would like thy permission to search for our escaped servants. These imps have wronged us, and as such, we must hunt them down before they become a greater threat."

Cronus chuckles. "Tsk, I'm afraid I can't do that, Raphael."

"What?!" Michael steps forward. Fire burns in his eyes. "The little bastards killed Samael! They attacked us mercilessly! How dare thou refuse-"

Gabriel pivots on his heel and slaps the back of Michael's head. "Quiet!"

Cronus rubs his nose. His eyes flicker with a faint hint of rage, revealing the suppressed emotions stuffed into his belly. "Michael. I have held my tongue since your arrival. However, it is clear that you hold some grudge against me for whatever reason. I cannot say with absolute certainty that a Titan did not empower your servants, leading to Samael's death. Perhaps someone did. Perhaps someone did not. I do not know. What I _do_ know is that your continued insults are beginning to _boil my blood._"

The Titan bites the last few words off. He snarls viciously, showing slightly too many teeth for my liking. "I do _not_ permit you to scour the Earth. I will do so myself. Be glad I am willing to go to such lengths for Raphael and Mother Uzziel, for had _you_ been the one to ask, I wouldn't extend the same courtesy."

The fire dies down in Michael's eyes. "I-I apologize. I... I did not mean to disrespect thee."

"And yet you did," Cronus says. 

The Titan climbs to his feet, returning to his two hundred foot standing height. "Raphael. Uzziel. Gabriel. Michael. I bid farewell to all of you. I will find out if there is a traitor breaking the old treaty. However, I do not give my approval for you to stay on Earth. Return home at once."

Raphael flicks his eyes to Michael. A look of disappointment passes over his face, but it disappears quickly. The old man returns his attention to Cronus. "Ah, of course. We thank thee for any services ye can spare. Thy assistance will not go unrewarded, I assure thee."

The Titan turns to leave, but pauses. "Before I go, I must ask... if the imps have turned against you, how will you regain your energy stores? Didn't you depend on them for mana?"

Gabriel bows his head. "Aye. We did. We've purged all of their ilk from Heaven."

Cronus glances at me. "Mother Uzziel, do you plan to rebuild your stores?"

I nod hesitantly. "Y-yes... somewhat. I need to create a new servant creature, but the imp attack drained our reserves. We can barely-"

"Uzziel!" Michael gawks at me. "Have ye forgotten? Why art thou mentioning our mana supply?!"

My eyes widen. "O-oh no..."

The Titan rumbles in his throat. "Huhu... your situation sounds dire. Afraid I'll attack if I know how weak you are? Worry not. I might crush Michael for speaking ill of my wife, but my love for war has faded over the years. I'm too old and tired to bother with bloodshed and conflict."

Cronus eyes me for a moment before heading into his cave. As he leaves, the Titan says, "However, I would not say the same of my sons. Poseidon is a jealous bastard. Pray he never learns of thy present predicament."

The four of us watch silently as the King returns to his mountain home. His footsteps rumble the Earth for several minutes. Soon, only the silence of nature greets us.

Once again, birds begin to chirp in the distance. Clouds part in the sky, and the creatures of the Earth release the breaths they had been holding. A ray of sunshine beams down on us, warming the chilliness on our skin.

Gabriel sighs. "Michael... thy temper is troublesome."

"I am sorry," Michael says, bowing his head contritely. "I hate word-games. Polite speech, pleasantries, the quips people utter when they have something to hide. I fear that Cronus knows something. He may not have played a part in the imp's evolution directly, but I believe he knows who did."

"Nonsense," Raphael says, waving his hand flippantly. "Pish-tosh. I felt no such impression from him. Cronus was merely irritated by thy constant insults. Now I regret bringing thee."

I wrap my arm around Michael's and smile sweetly at him. "Oh, come now, Raphael! Do not blame Michael. He is stressed the same as all of us. We can hardly blame him for losing his cool. And besides! Cronus is going to investigate his family for us!"

"So the Mad Titan says," Gabriel replies. "Let us pray Cronus keeps his word. We must return to Heaven, and we won't be able to search for the imps. Whatever the demons do next, I worry we will suffer their actions."

Michael pauses for a second before replying. "I don't. Tricks and deception will only get the rats so far. If they return, they will meet the sharp side of my blade. Then, they will know true fear."

The Archangel of Courage keeps his voice low. The frostiness of his words makes me shudder. An evil glint appears in his eye, as though he's plotting his next move, but hasn't yet figured out what it will be.

...

A few minutes later, we wander back toward the forest. I glance up at the trees and spot several prehistoric chimpanzees swinging around from branch to branch. The other Archangels do as well.

"Those creatures are quite remarkable," Gabriel says. "Look at how they balance themselves while climbing the trees. I wonder why they don't fall."

"They're perfectly balanced," Raphael replies. "As all things should be. More importantly, I can't help but notice how they compare to us."

Michael scoffs. "I see no resemblance. Black hair, wingless, with ugly hands and feet. Art thou going blind, eldest brother?"

I walk away from the group and head toward the closest tree. As I do, one of the chimps stops swinging around and stares at me. I recognize him as the one from when we first arrived.

I raise my hand at wave at him. "Come and say hello, little one."

He regards me suspiciously for a minute or so. The chimp starts to turn away, but changes his mind as his curiosity gets the better of him. Eventually, he crawls down the tree and lands on the forest floor, but keeps his distance.

"I'm friendly!"

Behind me, Gabriel chuckles. "Haha, it never fails to amuse me how much our sister loves nature."

After several minutes, I coax the chimp over, then reach out and pat his head. "Aww, you're a cutie!"

Uzziel's thoughts appear in my mind. _This animal is shaped similarly to the imps. Raphael is right about how it resembles us, as well. How interesting. Perhaps, if I cannot spare the energy to make new servants, I might be able to try something else._

I motion with my hands, and a trickle of energy leaves my body. It travels toward the chimp and enters his brain. The little guy's eyes bolt open, and he darts away in a panic, fleeing as fast as he can.

Uzziel watch silently as he jumps into a tree and swings away, but a smile forms on her face. _He will be the first. If my experiment works, I may solve our mana problems and prevent more needless bloodshed._

"Uzziel?" Gabriel lilts his voice questioningly. "Art thou alright? I've never seen anything flee from thee in all my days."

I spin on my heel and lean forward cutely. "Oh, tis' unimportant, brother. No matter at all. I got a little too touchy, and he became frightened. Let us return to Heaven, now."

"Aye," Raphael says. "With our request refused, t'would be unbecoming to dawdle longer than we must."

I walk back over to the others, and all four of us lift off into the sky.

As I fly away, my thoughts dwell on the chimpanzee and why Uzziel might have used her magic on him.

I wonder what she's planning...