Part 239: Bael's Brain Spiders

Ose, the Emperor of Infiltration, strides through the wall of demons parked at the entrance to the Core. A pile of debris nearly 100-feet-high stacks up to the top of the doors, blocking entry for more than one demon at a time. Unlike a minute before, a disquieting silence pervades the air, caused by the cessation of the Balrog's rampage.

Decked out in her now slightly-dusty white uniform, knee-high socks, and high-heeled shoes, Ose resembles a catwalk model and female CEO rolled into one. Her gorgeous appearance draws the lustful looks of countless low-ranked demons, but in her eyes, they mean nothing.

"Damn. Still can't hardly move my fingers..." Ose grumbles to herself. She glances at her mangled hands and grimaces. Already, they've lost their usual pink coloration to swelling and bits of bone poking through her skin.

The agony is excruciating, but Ose can only grit her teeth and bear the pain. After all, aside from Belial, the only other demon capable of healing in the Hell of Damnation, the First Hell, is Artorias. Naturally, the only way he can use healing magic is via Uriel's water-manipulation, something he would prefer not to do, which doesn't help Ose's situation out at all.

"...I'll have to visit the Blood Pits to get my fingers working again," Ose says, speaking more to herself than anyone nearby. "A two-hour soak in some fresh virgin blood should do the trick. It'll take me a week to get back to full-power, but if I can weave some basic signs, that will be a great help. Now then, how about that Bael, hm?"

Ose flicks her eyes to the top of the rubble-pile blocking the Core. She coils strength into her legs and leaps upward, clearing 100-feet in a single bound. Thanks to her Emperor physiology, she possesses more than enough strength to manage such a leap.

The Emperor of Infiltration lands atop the rubble without stumbling. Her cat-like dexterity extends throughout her whole body, aided in part by the power of electricity which accelerates her reflexes and thinking speed. A moment later, she darts through the small hole at the top and arrives inside the Core, amidst incalculable devastation. Thousands of tons of rubble bury the dead from both sides, while a small flicker of movement to the left reveals the now-demorphed Bael sitting beside Mephisto and a motionless human commando.

Ose's eyes widen slightly. _Oh? That distinctive armor coloration... Mephisto and Bael saved me a lot of trouble._

The Emperor hops several times, each flicker of movement bringing her 50 feet closer to the two Dukes. In only 6 bounds, she clears the 300-foot gap and arrives next to her subordinates.

Mephisto raises his head to stare at Ose with his eerie, blood-red eyes. "Ksss. Ossse. The warp-gatesss have been buried. Sssomehow, the flesssbagsss fixed the sssabotaged bombsss. They brought the ccceiling down, and now we have lossst the initiative."

Ose waves Mephisto's concerns off, her broken fingers making the motion clumsier than it might normally be. "It's fine. I anticipated some losses during Stormbringer. Originally, we were going to face off against two Wordsmiths, remember? Since neither of them are here, that bodes incredibly well for us. We haven't suffered any fatalities yet; only three captures. Beelzebub and Artorias were our biggest losses, but we can still recover them."

Kneeling down, Ose examines Neil's unconscious form. With his armor hiding his face, Ose can't be sure if he's faking his condition or not. She summons electrical power to her eyes, then fires a finely tuned blast of lightning at Neil's chest.

_Kzzat!_

The nanites enveloping Neil's body shudder visibly. After a few seconds, they fall apart and turn to dust, drifting off Neil's body like sand rolling down a dune. Ose leans in even closer to examine the man's face, but she pulls away after a moment and nods with satisfaction.

"Good. The human is still alive. Mephisto, shackle and outfit him with an anti-Wordsmith containment device. If we can capture Jason's wife and daughter, along with a few other high-ranking resistance members, I'll be able to bring the whole of their society to its knees."

Mephisto frowns. "Ossse. Ssso long asss we haven't captured the Wordsssmithsss, why would the flessshbagsss ever give up? I thought that wasss the point of thisss whole operation! If we capture them, then we will crusssh the insssurrection!"

Ose smiles. She shakes her head ruefully while clicking her tongue. "That is why I'm the reigning Third Emperor and you're not, Mephisto. You don't understand human psychology in the slightest! If I capture Hope's best friend and his woman, while also capturing Jason's family, I will immediately be able to make them dance in my palm. Usually, they could cast a spell to locate their loved ones, but that's the _genius_ of my devices. It prevents targeted spells from finding those I've designated. The Wordsmiths will be powerless to save the ones they care about most, and so, they will acquiesce to my demands."

The Third Emperor chuckles to herself. "That's the problem with having attachments. Once you develop a bond with someone, another person can use them as leverage against you."

Mephisto says nothing.

However, deep inside the Duke of Mist's soul, a deep-seated anger smolders. He gazes at the Emperor of Infiltration with hate-filled eyes, unable to forget the humiliation of watching a mere Baron get promoted to Emperor before himself.

"Indeed..." Mephisto mutters. "There isss nothing worssse than a ussselesss bond to hold you back."

With her mind focused on a thousand other things, Ose misses the visible anger in Mephisto's eyes. She gazes at Neil's body, her thoughts a million miles away. "Mhm. Alright, take this human and begone. As for Bael, I want you to- huh?"

Ose finally notices the metal nanite-helmet encasing Bael's head. Realizing its purpose, she fires a concentrated burst of electrical energy from her eyes, shattering the nanite bonds with ease.

However, once the nanite helmet fizzles into ash, she spots the foot-long demonstone barb stuck in Bael's eye and shudders.

"What the Devil is that?!"

Ose grimaces as she examines the barb sticking three inches out of Bael's right eye. Bael sits on his butt with his feet sprawled out in front of him, and a miserable look on his face. His right arm hangs uselessly at his side, revealing that his Balrog transformation only managed to heal his grievous wounds temporarily until he reverted to his base form.

"The hell are you lookin' at, princess?"

Bael's hostile gaze chills Ose to the bone. She gapes at him, a mixture of disbelief and incomprehension in her eyes.

"Y-you! What happened?! How did... how did the humans injure you so badly?! That metal stake would have killed anyone else!"

Bael grimaces. "No shit, Captain Obvious. Got anything else y'wanna point out? If you hadn't noticed, I'm in a real shit mood."

"I... I can fetch Hellga. Maybe she can pull that thing out of your eye and heal you back to full."

The Emperor takes a step toward Bael, only to pause when he raises his fist. "Don't you even think about it! I already done tried pulling this little prick-sucker out! Damn near went Balrog-mode again! Ain't no way I'm lettin' anyone touch this!"

Ose narrows her eyes. "Fine. I won't touch it, but let me examine it. Anything capable of injuring you won't be ordinary."

Bael grinds his teeth. "I'm warnin' you, woman..."

"I _said_ I wouldn't touch it."

Bael mutters a hundred curses underneath his breath before lowering his arm. With his one good eye, he stares at Ose like a hawk as she walks over and peers at the barb from several angles. Eventually, she brings her face to within a couple of inches from it, making Bael squirm.

"Hey! Do you want me to sock ya in the kisser?!"

"Shut up," Ose growls. "I'm not going to touch the little pokey-stick, you big baby."

Ose's innate demonic abilities include not only the power of electricity, but also Superman-like vision. Her pupils and iris expand and contract several times allowing her to zoom in and gaze at the barb's surface.

Eventually, she pulls away.

"That barb... Bael, you absolutely have to pull it out."

"Piss off!" Bael howls. "If I pull this fucker out, first thing I'm doin' is shoving it right up your-"

"Now is no time for idiocy," Ose counters, shutting the Duke of Pain down. "That barb is overflowing with millions of nanites. The humans designed it with reverse-facing demonstone quills, meaning if we try to pull it out, it's bound to rip out half your skull along with it. However, if we don't, the nano-bots will chew your brain to pieces. You'll die a slow, agonizing death."

Bael starts to spout off at Ose again, but thinks better of it. The look in her eyes, for once, looks a lot less like smug self-satisfaction, and more like worry, pity, and a slight sense of helplessness.

"You're kidding..." Bael mumbles. "I can't die. The humans hit me in my weakest spot and only managed ta' piss me off. How the hell are a few nano-guys gonna kill me if the bigass-fuckin' metal arrow didn't?"

"From what I've seen, you're lucky to be alive," Ose says. "Based upon the swarming activity around your eye socket, you might have anywhere from an hour to a week left before the nanites devour your brain. I can't give an exact time."

Bael lowers his gaze to his feet. "You might be wrong."

"I'm not known for having poor judgment," Ose counters.

Both demons fall silent. After a few moments, Mephisto hovers toward Bael.

"Ksss. Bael. You are one of the few demonsss I consssider my comrade. We have our differencccesss, but you are alwaysss there for me. I think you ssshould lisssten to Ossse. Human nanitesss are extremely dangerousss. Jussst today, the flessshbagsss killed ssseveral Grez with grenadesss filled with flesssh-devouring nanitesss. I do not wisssh to sssee you meet sssuch a grisssly end."

Ose glances at Mephisto, but doesn't vocalize the question in her eyes. _Flesh-devouring nanites? Since when did the humans develop such weapons?_

She remains silent, however, allowing Mephisto to reason with Bael.

"I can't do it..." Bael mutters. "You don't get it, man. This thing freaking hurts. I ain't never felt pain like this before."

"Don't you alwaysss sssay that pain isss the path to pleasssure?"

Bael rolls his still-functional eye. "This ain't the same thing, not one bit! There's a big difference between feeling the sting of a whip across your back or some light pain-play versus a shit-fucking arrow jammed in your eye! It's a thousand times worse, bub!"

Ose smacks her lips. "Yes. I would imagine so. Never mind. If you would rather die an agonizing death from brain termites than to just bite the bullet and rip that thing out and visit Hellga afterward, suit yourself."

The Duke of Pain squirms uncomfortably. "Uh... brain termites? You're kiddin', right?"

A flicker of light appears in Ose's eyes. "Hm? Oh, yes. Nanites aren't like termites. That would be a silly analogy."

Bael smiles. "Good. Cuz if there's one thing I hate, it's some nasty bug-"

Before Bael can finish his sentence, Ose leans in close and whispers, "More like brain _spiders._"

"Guh! Don't screw with me!" Bael yells. "Ain't no such thing as brain spiders!"

The Emperor pulls away and shrugs. "Perhaps, and perhaps not. You'll find out soon enough when they start laying eggs in your eye! Anyway, I've work to do, so I'll be leaving, now. Ta-ta~"

Ose turns to walk away, but before she makes it three steps, Bael jumps to his feet, with panic written all over his face. "H-hey, don't screw with me! F-fine! I'll take the damn thing out!"

Smug self-satisfaction appears in Ose's eyes. She turns to flash a cunning smile at Bael, only to contort her face with disgust as Bael grabs hold of the barb with three fingers. "Wait, you nimrod! Don't just yank it out! We need to have Hellga here when you- ack!"

Bael ignores Ose. He braces himself for a moment, then pinches the barb with all his strength. "AAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!"

With one mighty tug, the Duke of Pain yanks the barb with all his strength. A horrific sight follows as blood bursts from his eye, along with an unthinkable amount of cerebral fluids and a thick, black liquid, one which explodes into ash when it hits the floor.

Bael stumbles forward and falls to his knees. He drops the foot-long barb on the ground and howls like a wounded bear. "AAAAARGH! SHITFUCKBITCHCUNTASSTITS!!"

The Duke of Pain falls forward and rolls on the floor while clutching his face. He weeps like a baby, unable to control himself from the agony tearing through his mind.

Ose starts to walk toward him, only to pause and frown.

Before she can take two steps, Bael suddenly stops crying. He sits up, a surprisingly alert look on his face.

"...huh? Th-that's weird. It don't hurt no more."

Ose blinks in confusion. "What do you mean? Did your pea-brain disable its pain receptors?"

Bael shrugs. Blood continues to gush from his eye, but he smiles like a dopey moron. "Dunno! It just stopped hurting! Thank the Devils, or I might've gone Balrog-mode, bahaha!"

Ose glances at Mephisto, and he meets her gaze.

"...Bael's stupidity never fails to surprise me."

"Ksss. Yesss. You haven't the ssslightessst clue. Hisss mind probably ssshut off. A sssimple matter when one only hasss three brain cccellsss in the firssst placcce."

"You said it, not me."

The Emperor of Infiltration trots over to Bael. "It's likely you have some residual brain-spiders left in your head. I have to fry them out with my electricity."

Bael's grin grows even bigger. "Brain spiders... hehe."

"Report to Hellga after this," Ose mutters. "We can't afford for you to lose what brains you have left, and you've lost a _lot_ of blood."

With a sigh, Ose summons electrical power into her eyes. She aims her gaze at Bael's gouged-out eye, the only gap in his armor, and prepares to fire. A moment later, she unleashes a hundred-thousand-volt of electricity at the Duke's bleeding orifice. It strikes him with surgical precision, worms its way through the gaps in his armor, and electrocutes Bael's brain.

Immediately after, Bael falls backward.

_Plop._

The Duke of Pain passes out from the shock of having his brain get fried, allowing Ose to straighten her posture and sigh.

"There. Done. That should have destroyed all those pesky nanites. Now, to deal with the other matters."

Without another word, Ose turns away from Bael to face Mephisto. "Like I said. Take Bael to the Blood Pits, and get the humans' Commander inside restraints. The Wordsmiths could return at any moment, and their delaying only makes me nervous. We don't want them to be able to locate him until the time is right."

Mephisto shrugs. "Ksss. Very well. Do not forget my achievementsss during today'sss battle. Your preccciousss Beelzebub fell during hisss firssst fight, while I almossst sssingle-handedly took out the flessshbagsss by myssself! That mussst count for sssomething!"

"We haven't won this war yet," Ose counters, her tone dry. "Do you want a reward? Souls, perhaps? Have you forgotten that the River Styx is bone-dry? Defeat the humans first, and then we'll talk about battle merits. Now, hurry up and stop wasting my time. I have a Core to clean up."

Ose trots away, leaving Mephisto in her dust. The necromancer glowers at her back, but says nothing.

The Emperor exits the Core and arrives next to the gathered demons outside. Five thousand Burrowers, twice as many as before, sit around, waiting for her orders.

"I want this debris cleared out within the next few hours," Ose commands. "Work in rotations. Start from the top and clear away a fifty-by-fifty opening. I need progress, not perfection. Focus on clearing out just one of the warpgates, and I'll handle the rest."

The Burrowers begrudgingly nod and get to work. As Ose starts to walk away, another demon walks up to her.

Orias, the Baron of the Stars, clears his throat. "Ahem. Ose, if you've a moment?"

"Hm? What is it?"

Unlike with Mephisto or Bael, Ose's tone turns somewhat cordial. Having worked with Orias in the past, she values him quite highly, respecting him as a powerhouse among the Barons.

"The Core's warp-gates... how will we activate them? All of Bahamut's computers were destroyed when the ceiling collapsed. Won't it take us weeks to clear out and rebuild the Core?"

Ose smiles. "Of course not. I was, after all, the demon who helped build the gates. I worked in tandem with the Overlords to make them a reality. I can also activate them and calculate the dimensional coordinates on my own."

Orias frowns. "Yes, but so long as the humans wish, they can press the emergency deactivation button on their side and seal off the gate. Do you have another plan of attack?"

"No. We will overwhelm the humans with numbers. Don't worry, Orias, I've planned this operation for six years. I have _several_ agents working among the humans' ranks. How do you think Neil fell into our hands so easily?"

"Ah, I see," Orias says with a smile. "You always did like to plan ten steps ahead. I'll be waiting for your orders."

"Take a break," Ose says. "You'll be key to the next part of my operation."

After exchanging goodbyes, Ose breaks away from Orias. She slowly heads down the long corridor leading away from the Core, all while sighing to herself.

"...Can't wait to soak my fingers in some nice, warm human blood. Blasted Sphinx, forcing me to use my best attack like that... that's why I hate monsters and humans both. They're all so damned stubborn."

While the Emperor grumbles to herself, a faint beeping sensation appears in the back of her mind. A biochip, installed and maintained by Ose herself, connects to her brain and transmits a message from a high-priority sender.

All of the blood drains from Ose's face.

**[LEVEL ONE MESSAGE FROM CONFESSOR VULPANIX. ALERT! CLAN KOKORAT HAS DETECTED A TOTAL BLACKOUT WITHIN THE LABYRINTH'S CORE. ALL WARPGATES HAVE BEEN DISABLED. WE ARE UNABLE TO ESTABLISH CONTACT WITH BAHAMUT. INVESTIGATE AT ONCE AND REPLY WITH AN EXPLANATION! ANY DELAYS WILL RESULT IN A REBELLION SUPPRESSION FORCE ARRIVING WITHIN TWO ORBITAL CYCLES.]**

A shudder runs down Ose's spine.

"No, no, no! Not a suppression force! Seven Hells! I knew I overlooked something! If that damned Confessor gets involved, this whole house of cards could collapse! I can't let the Volgrim find out about the Hero's emergence, not until I've captured the Wordsmiths for myself!"

The Emperor's hands begin to tremble. She leans against a wall to steady herself, while drops of sweat pool on her forehead.

[Reply from Emperor Ose. I am investigating now. Will have a full report soon. The intermittent human resistances have caused a slight delay, but I will handle it. Everything is under control.]

Moments after Ose transmits her request, she receives a reply.

**[UNACCEPTABLE. THE LABYRINTH CORE IS OUR BACKUP TRANSPORTATION NETWORK FOR BYPASSING THE PLAGUE. WE CANNOT AFFORD TO HAVE IT UNAVAILABLE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES. YOU ARE TO PERSONALLY GO AND DEAL WITH ANY ISSUES. IF YOU FAIL, WE WILL REPLACE YOU AS EMPEROR WITHOUT HESITATION!]**

Ose receives another mental shock, making her curl her broken fingers together and squeeze them into pain-filled fists.

"Gah! Vulpanix! You damned, worthless meddler! This is my Labyrinth, mine! You stuck-up, filthy Psion!"

Ose vents her frustration for several seconds, howling countless obscenities down the mostly-empty corridor around her. Several low-ranked demons passing by give her a wide berth, not wanting to get involved with whatever is angering her.

After fifteen seconds, Ose stops cursing. She transmits a reply to the Confessor, one laced with all kinds of niceties.

[I understand. Thank you for alerting me to the problem. I will have the warpgates back online before the next orbital cycle completes.]

**[WE WILL ALLOW NO MORE THAN TWELVE STANDARD TIME UNITS! MOVE HASTILY AND DO NOT DELAY!]**

[I will move quickly, Confessor.]

Ose's eyes gloss over as she heaves a great sigh.

_Demons are nothing more than pawns in the grasp of the Volgrim. To them, we are less than garbage. The only reason they allow us to live is due to Unarin's ever-unknowable whims._

The Emperor of Infiltration resumes her course toward the Blood Pits, but she picks up the pace and starts jogging, putting some pep into her step.

"...Idiot Confessor! Your people haven't used the Core in centuries! Stop acting like it going down for a day is going to cause you any problems! Bah! Nothing worse than bureaucracy!"