Part 639: Overpowering Ose

January 24th, 2021. Noon, Somewhere Underground...

Ose couldn't help herself. She burst into maniacal laughter as waves of demonic energy continuously condensed within her body, empowering her physical strength, enhancing the speed of her mind, and uplifting the magical power inherent to her physiology. She screamed with laughter for more than a minute, only for that laughter to abruptly freeze as waves of pain slammed into her brain. She staggered and leaned against the wall while lightning started sporadically firing out of her joints and arcing to the nearest metallic surfaces.

However, her pride was too strong. She refused to let herself look weak in front of the Devil himself. In an instant, she devised a counter. She deactivated all the electrical impulses in her brain that transmitted pain, allowing her to completely ignore the ripping and tearing of neurons and muscle fibers all throughout her vessel. After only a second or two of showing her pain, she stood up again, reverting to her previous smug appearance.

"At l-last!" Ose choked, her jaw still involuntarily clenching once in a while. "The rank of Emperor... is mine!"

Satan looked at her and smiled. "Not bad, toots. I'm actually a little impressed. Seems you were able to power through the pain."

Ose's teeth clenched together. She might have disabled her feelings of pain, but she couldn't ignore the sensation of nausea boiling within her stomach. She suppressed her trembling body and met Satan's gaze as evenly as she could.

"Today... marks... a turning point for demonkind's future." Ose said haltingly. "I can see it now. I can see a bright future awaiting us, once we take care of those two Trueborn Heroes. But we cannot delay. Every minute we don't kill them is a minute we lose in this new war."

Slowly, Ose's body adapted to its new status. The waves of pain and nausea slowed down, then eventually stopped. Just ten minutes after recklessly eating all the soul pills at once, Ose reached her final form.

Sensing that her apotheosis was complete, she directed a cold glare at Satan.

"First Emperor. You made a mistake allowing me to ascend without any _assurances_."

Before Satan could respond, Ose's leg snapped at his head. She kicked Satan with all her strength, sending him smashing through the secret chamber's doorway!

Satan hurtled through the air, flew above the blood pits, and splattered into a horrific bloody mess against the far wall, startling all the demons inside the Blood Pits. Many of them were badly injured. They were recuperating due to recent fights they'd been involved in, be it fights against human soldiers, angels, or even their fellow demons. They couldn't flee the Blood Pits even if they wanted! But demons were usually battle maniacs. Seeing Satan sent flying, they quickly started roaring for a good fight as they turned their attention to the new Emperor who dared to defy him.

Ose stepped out, her uplifted aura blazing with a righteous fury. A maniacal grin spread across her face.

"HEH HEH HEH." Ose gurgled in her throat. "Stupid bastard. Can you idiots believe he uplifted me without putting a single check on my power? HAHAHA. Men are all so stupid."

Satan's bloodied remains slid down the wall and landed on the floor with a wet _plop_. In her head, Ose counted down the seconds, knowing Satan would revive within one minute.

"Satan thinks he can control demonkind. Everyone is afraid of him." Ose boldly declared. "But the truth is, he's just an endlessly reviving bully. We all know he isn't truly unkillable. He has millions of souls inside him. Each time he dies, one of those souls gets _snuffed out_."

Satan's remains suddenly agitated on the ground. A hellish aura burst outward as he began rapidly reassembling himself.

Before he could fully finish, Ose flickered over to him, raised her leg straight above her head, then slammed it down in a brutal axe-kick.

_BOOOM!!!!_

The explosion from her kick atomized his remains and sprayed Satan's entrails in every direction, coating the entire wall in his blood and viscera. The shockwave that came afterward killed three Demon Grunts nearby, breaking all the bones in their bodies. Several others not much further away suffered terrible ruptures and tearing to their internal organs, leaving them comatose and on the verge of death. Even more were left deafened, the explosion bursting their eardrums and leaving them reeling on the ground.

"So the math is quite simple." Ose declared, more to herself than to the remaining lower demons still capable of listening. "If he has a million souls stuffed in his piggish body, then I'll kill him a million times. And if he has TEN million souls, then I'll kill him ten million times! Eventually, he'll run out, and he'll stop reviving. See? It's tedious work, but it will eventually pay off!"

After sixty seconds, Satan started to revive again, but Ose launched her fist at his reanimating remains, blasting them apart with a thunder-punch.

"Once Satan is gone, that will be it! No more First Emperor. The demons will be free of a tyrant, and a new First Emperor will take over! Quite a good deal, isn't it?! We'll be able to put someone intelligent on the throne. Someone beautiful, someone with an actual BRAIN who can win this war in a metaphorical week!"

Ose glanced at Satan's remains, frowning when he started to revive at fifty-nine seconds and some change. It was probably just an anomaly though, and she killed him again.

"It's going to take me a while to kill him truly dead, but I'm sure you'll all be ecstatic once I do!" Ose declared. "I have plans for demonkind's future. BIG plans! I couldn't act on them before, but I can now! Soon, everything will be mine for the taking! If any other Emperors dare to get in my way, I'll just kill them too!"

Satan revived once again, but this time his revival only needed fifty-nine and a quarter seconds. Ose frowned when she killed him once more, and she wondered if the revival speed was merely a minor discrepancy. She killed him again, and again, while each time, his revival speed very slightly increased to be faster than the previous times.

_Oh?_ Ose thought. _So it's like that. The more I kill him, the faster his body returns. Well, good! That means I'll be able to tear through his millions of souls far faster than I planned! Having to wait tens of years to fully finish him off would have been such a bore!_

Ose killed him ten times. A hundred times!

Her fists and legs were covered in the melted splatters of Satan's bones, teeth, eyeballs, and many other bodily extremities. His revival speed had already increased to the point where he needed less than half a minute to return, but his remains were agitating even faster than that.

Ose breathed evenly. This wasn't just about killing Satan, but assessing her own uplifted status. She had already come to the shocking conclusion that while before, she could think over 100 times faster than any other demon, but now that speed was nearly 100,000 times faster!

It was unbelievable. During this simple slaughter of the First Emperor, in the half and full-minutes between Satan's revivals, Ose had already mentally completed a few of her simplest inventions, mapping out how those pieces of technology would need to be rewired, as well as how their designs should look. She was all set to complete a small portion of her future plans, and all she had been doing was casually thinking about a few dozen enhanced weapons and armor between sessions of kicking Satan's ass.

_Soon,_ Ose thought, _my plan to build a demonic paradise will be able to be launched. I'll still need to find a world secreted away where the angels and Titans won't be able to find us, as well as the others... but once I do, I'll be able to build a new future for our people. Everyone will have no choice but to worship my greatness!_

The demoness's ego soared. In her head, she imagined herself as a phoenix rising to the heavens, its natural power and glory awing all who looked upon her.

It was pitiful that no other Sentients could match her brilliance or beauty!

Her fists and legs started moving faster and faster. She blasted Satan's regrowing body out of the Blood Pits into the central corridor, allowing the demons still alive inside the Blood Pits to breathe a little easier. Now they might actually survive the day, though they weren't sure how much longer it would take for her to finish killing all of Satan's souls, or if she even _could_.

She continued murdering the First Emperor. His revival time went from thirty seconds to twenty, then to fifteen, ten... even five!

Satan started reviving so quickly that the moment she destroyed his reanimating corpse, the splattered blood and gore would already be twitching and convulsing before it hit the far wall. She'd have to run over and destroy it again, and then again!

Still, Ose remained optimistic. She wasn't winded at all, and she estimated she could keep this up even if he started reviving the instant she punched him. A Demon Emperor's endurance was tens of thousands of times greater than any human, so she knew she wasn't far off the mark.

Suddenly, Ose punched at Satan's splattered blood and bones, but in the time it took her fist to snap out, an arm made of bone and bloody muscles erupted from the wall, reached out, and grabbed her wrist.

"Huh?!" Ose yelped.

She tried to yank her arm out of the skeletal hand's grasp, but she was shocked to find that its grip was harder than demonstone! She couldn't believe how powerful it felt! Her own strength was nothing by comparison.

An instant later, the arm regrew its muscle, tendons, and skin. The rest of Satan's body followed, and he reappeared with an ugly grimace on his face.

"So that's how it's gonna be, eh, toots?"

The First Emperor was completely naked. He had a fat beer belly, but he also had extremely toned muscles on his arms and legs. He gripped Ose's wrist so tightly that her joints started to hurt.

"What the hell?" Ose said, his mind in a small bit of disarray. "You're not this strong!"

"Correct." Satan said, his grimace turning to a grin. "Usually, I _ain't._"

He thrust his palm at Ose's chest and released her arm the instant he made contact.

_THUMP!!_

All the wind was driven from Ose's body as that single palm strike crashed into her rib-cage and sent her flying! Ose pounded against the wall just a few feet behind her. Her arms and legs splayed out helplessly, leaving a deep indentation in the wall and rumbling the local continental plates.

"Ya know." Satan said. "It _hurts_ dyin' that many times. It really pisses me off."

Ose coughed. She slumped from the wall and fell to the ground, momentary paralyzed from pain. She shakily raised her head to see that Satan had conjured himself a brand new suit to cover his body.

"Nuh... not... possible..." Ose coughed, blood spewing from her ruptured lungs. "You... not... that strong... kuh!"

"For a broad who thinks she's the smartest person on Earth, you sure are as dumb as a bag of bricks." Satan said, looming over her. "You think my only power is to revive? If that were it, I wouldn't have risen to become the First Emperor. I've got a _little more than that_ goin' on, doll."

Ose suddenly lashed out. She launched a powerful thunder-punch at Satan's face, roaring with rage at the fact he had somehow tricked her.

But her fist didn't land. Satan casually slapped with his palm, redirected the punch, and battered her arm against the wall.

"Aaargh!" Ose cried. Her right arm broke in multiple places, rendering it completely useless!

"I don't _need_ the contracts, Ose." Satan said, his eyes dim with barely-contained anger. "I use 'em cause they make life easier. Because if all the other demons know I'm always watching, they won't try to pull any shit that would piss me off. But those contracts ain't a necessity. I can do just fine without 'em."

He grabbed Ose by the hair, and his Vectors lashed out, grabbed each of her limbs, and pinned her to the ground.

Satan forced her head up. He snarled in her ear.

"Listen carefully, ya dumb bitch. I was gonna let ya do things the easy way. The fun way. If you'd asked me nicely, I would've let ya have all the money and funding ya wanted. But you got _greedy_. So Mister Nice Satan? He's gone now. This is the _real_ Satan talking now."

One of Satan's Vectors squeezed Ose's broken arm. She let out a helpless cry of pain, while tears poured from her eyes. Even with all her mental speed and acuity, she still couldn't believe how fast the situation had turned around. She'd planned this coup for years! She'd thought about every detail! How could she have overlooked one of Satan's core abilities?!

"From now on, your ass is mine. If I tell you to do somethin', you do it. It even overrides that quadruple-titted bitch of a demoness you call 'mom.' Any back-talkin', any thoughts about takin' over, or causing my empire problems, and I'll be payin' you a visit. Only this next visit won't end as nicely as it does here. You'll be dead afterward, and I'll just find some other demon who knows how to play the game right and proper. GOT IT?!"

Satan squeezed her hair so hard that Ose thought he might rip it from her scalp. She winced in pain and whimpered quietly.

"Y...yes... Satan... s-sorry... won't... happen again..."

Satan glared at her for several seconds afterward. Then, he let go.

All at once, his Vectors loosed their hold on her limbs, and he even released his grip on her hair. He allowed Ose to curl up on the floor, whimpering in pain as her entire body ached from head to toe. His Vectors had not been gentle with their touch.

"Good." Satan said solemnly. "Now, let me tell you where ya went wrong. My power ain't just to revive, and it ain't only to devour a soul when I do. I become progressively stronger each time I die. The power boost ain't permanent. I'll be back to having a weak little body soon enough."

Satan chuckled evilly. "But that don't matter, now does it? If you don't kill me, I'll hit you with my arsenal of powers. If you do kill me, I'll eventually return and overpower you. Your momma must not have told you. That's why she doesn't dare go up against me. I might not be invincible, but I'm definitely undefeatable."

Ose shakily looked up at Satan with fear in her eyes. She never imagined he had such an ability. If she had, she would have stayed quiet and kept to herself! But now, she'd alerted the First Emperor to her true ambitions.

Or perhaps she hadn't. What if he'd known from the very beginning? What if he'd at least suspected she'd try to assassinate him... but he didn't even care?!

That thought left her in a cold sweat. She had a chance before to prove her allegiance to him, and she'd sabotaged it. Now he knew more about her inner thoughts than she wanted, and her ploy had completely backfired.

Ose's face slumped to the ground. She stared ahead vacantly, no longer sure of what she should do.

Satan, seeing that her spirit had been broken, finally eased up. "Aw, come on, girly. Don't be like that. I was young and dumb once, too. Nothin' wrong with having some ambition, eh? No reason to throw the imp out with the bathwater. You just gotta do better in the future and not piss me off. Plenty of other demons screwed up big like you, but they learned their lesson. Bent the knee. Now we ain't got no problems anymore. We're cool as ice."

Ose slowly nodded. She had never felt as humiliated during her entire life as at this very moment. Slowly, she pulled herself to a sitting position and pressed her back against the wall. Her arm roared with pain, but she disabled her neurological transmitters so she wouldn't be distracted. Then, she took a long, slow breath.

"You... did you know? From the beginning?" Ose asked.

"What? That you'd betray me? I mean, there's always a risk when other Emperors are involved." Satan said, stuffing his hands into his pockets and shrugging nonchalantly. "You ain't the first dumb bitch to try, and you won't be the last, capisce?"

Ose's eyes dulled. He hadn't known, but he also hadn't cared. She might be intelligent when it came to some matters, but Satan was far older than her. He knew how other Sentients thought. He understood the hearts and minds of his lessers. He knew how to control them, and he was always prepared for things to go sideways.

She had a long way to go.

"So... what now?" Ose asked glumly.

Satan cocked an eyebrow. "Well, first things first, I busted that arm up pretty good. Go see if Hellga has a spot in the Blood Pits. She'll get you all fixed up."

"No need." Ose said quietly. "I already have a healing device of my own."

"Ohoho? Miss fancy-pants is gonna heal herself? Well, don't let me keep you waitin', sister." Satan said, before turning and walking away. "You get right on that."

He took a few steps, then paused.

"By the way, what was all that stuff about building a better future for demons? You got some sort of plan?"

Ose flinched. "You... heard?"

"Nope. I was dead when you said it." Satan said, turning to look at her. "But the demons you killed with your little stunt earlier, well, their souls went in me, and they tattled on you. So I know the gist of what you were yapping about."

Ose glowered at him. "It doesn't matter anymore."

"Sure it does. What, you think I'm petty? You think I don't have demonkind's greater interests at heart?" Satan asked pointedly. "Tell you what. After you get your arm fixed up... sit down for a while and think about what it is you want. What you _really_ want. None of that self-serving bullshit. Then, I want you to write up some plans for the future. Draft 'em for me, then pay me a visit. I'll have a look and see what I can do."

Ose continued to stare at him. "Don't toy with me."

"I'm one hundred percent serious." Satan said, his voice solemn. "It's just you and me here, toots. Nobody else watchin'. I could parade you back into those Blood Pits, make a mockery of you like you did to me. Trample on your dignity. All that crap. But what would that do to benefit demonkind? _Nothing._"

Satan spread out his arms.

"You can keep treating me like an obstacle. Like a barrier to achieving your goals. _Or_, you can try working with me. Who knows? Maybe I'll surprise you."

Ose's anger softened, even if only a little. Satan could tell that he had beaten her so badly her pride had been injured more than her body ever was. But, he was making headway. His words were having some impact.

Ose remained quiet for a few seconds. She looked away from him, at the far wall. Then she held up her good arm, touched her forehead, and condensed some electrical energy onto her pointer finger.

"Take this." Ose said quietly.

She pointed her finger at Satan. He didn't tense up even in the slightest as an incredibly weak 'attack' fired at his forehead. It harmlessly struck his skull, then faded away. For a few moments, Satan remained silent. Then, his expression darkened.

"This... you're sure?" Satan asked, narrowing his eyes.

"No I'm not. It's just a working theory." Ose said quietly, looking away. "I'll let you draw your own conclusions. He's not what he seems. Don't be fooled."

Satan looked to the right, then the left, as if searching for something. It seemed as if he'd become aware of a Truth that was hiding in plain sight before.

"I'll be... more careful about what I say in the future." Satan said cryptically. "Looks like I was right to keep you around. Take care of yourself, Ose."

Just as he was about to leave, Satan instead smirked at her.

"Or should I say... _Emperor of Fusion_?"

Ose met his gaze. She smirked back at him.

"I like that title." She said. "I like it _a lot._"

Then, Satan left. Ose picked herself up, cradled her broken arm, and followed after him.

Things had not gone according to her original plan. She had suffered a humiliating defeat. She had been put in her place.

But then again... maybe it was _better_ this way.