Part 095: The Archangel Gambit

Once again, my vision returns to the campfire before Solomon and the Archangels. Michael appears more agitated than usual, which isn't surprising, given how he's almost always on edge.

"This Valac guy seems powerful," I say with a reserved tone. "If he was the Grim Reaper, then he must have been a terrifying opponent."

"Hmph. I wouldn't go so far as to praise the Reaper," Michael replies. "But t'would not be a lie to say his abilities were... formidable. Valac's soul manipulation stood at a precipice far beyond others of his ilk. Not only did he mold the souls of humans, but bloodskins and monsters as well."

I scratch my chin. "Mmm. Speaking of monsters, where do they come from? I've always wondered about that. I saw goblins and orcs in videogames and books and other such forms of entertainment, but I never saw them in the real world."

Solomon smirks. "The world you knew, in the 21st century, held many tenuous links to its ancient past. The forces manipulating humanity from the shadows went to great lengths to conceal our storied history and to pretend the existence of the demons was little more than old mythology from ancient civilizations."

"Do you mean that humans were working with the demons to conceal the existence of demons?"

"Sometimes, yes. After battling mighty heroes like myself, Alexander the Great, King Arthur, and Joan of Arc, demons began to avoid human society. The might of a hero was, for thousands of years, the only threat to demonkind, but eventually, humanity's total military might began to dwarf even the heroes. By the time of automatic weapons, demons made sure to hide underground and never show their faces."

"Some might call such actions cowardly," Raphael says. "I thought them wise. There were several instances when the demons came close to wiping out all of humanity and the angels. Thankfully, thy people were resilient. Humans shared one quality with the demons they didn't account for, which was resilience. Like cockroaches, if a few scatterings of humans survived anywhere and the demons didn't sniff them out, that pocket of resistance would grow back and learn to counter the tactics the demons used, forcing them to change. 'Twas a delicate balance maintained for several thousand years."

"Unintentionally," Gabriel adds. "If the demons had a chance to defeat humanity, they would have used it."

I reach back and itch my head, though it surprises me I can feel the sensations in a dream world. Solomon's Crown is something else. "Demons could kill humanity now, but they haven't. It's in their best interest to turn us into soul-energy cattle, but why didn't they realize that back in the ancient times?"

"Ah, it's funny you ask," Solomon says. "The short answer is that the overwhelming majority of demons _couldn't_ steal souls from dead humans. That changed later. We'll get to it eventually. In the meantime, perhaps we should move to the next vision?"

I nod. "Yeah. Sounds good. Take the helm, captain."

Solomon rolls his eyes. "Aye, aye."

---

This time, when I materialize, I end up once again in Satan's body. I know because of his height, and when I open my eyes, the first person I see is Agares.

The two of us take the lead as we guide the remaining demons through a familiar winding cave. Our eyes, now able to see in the dark, allow us to navigate without Uzziel's angelic glow showing the way.

It doesn't take long for us to arrive at Heaven's Gate. The opaque portal, unguarded from the outside, hums pleasantly as waves of blue energy oscillate inside the gateway. The rivers of mana spin around, beckoning for us to enter.

"This is it, boss," Agares says. "I hope your plan works."

"Me too, chum," I reply. Even though sound can't pass through the portal, we keep our voices low, fearful someone will hear us. "Someone's gotta take the two guards down real quiet-like. I dunno when the shifts rotate, so we'll need to-"

Suddenly, a hand grabs my shoulder. I turn to look at the person interrupting me, only to see Bael's huge head inches from mine.

"We gotta go in there and kick some ass! Hit 'em hard! Let's beat the crap outta any angel in our way!"

I sigh. "Bael, you're going to stay behind. I don't want to cause a racket, and that's all you'll do."

"W-what?" Bael pulls away. His face contorts into an expression of shock, as if I've deeply wounded him. "I don't... get to... smash some heads?"

"No. You don't. Once we're inside, you and Deebs will stay behind at the gate and signal us if the angels discover our presence. We're using stealth, not dumbassery, understand?"

Bael puffs out his lower lip. "I-I'm plenty stealthy."

"Yeah, sure. You're full of shit. Stick to the plan."

I gesture toward the gate. "Alright, Deebs. I hope you know what you're doing."

The hairy demon jerks his thumb out. "Hah! Always!"

Diablo zips toward the gate, pauses for a moment to take a deep breath, then jumps through.

Several seconds pass. All of the demons watch with pounding hearts as we wait for the results.

"D-did he make it?" Bael asks.

"I don't know, moron. Wait and see. If he didn't... we'll know soon."

Hardly have the words left my mouth when suddenly two unconscious angels come flying through the portal. They hit the ground with a dull _thud_, and Diablo hops back to our side, landing atop the nearest one's back.

"I was fortunate! They didn't resist my sleep magic at all!"

All six of us walk over to Bael. I nudge the closest one with my foot. "Nice. Bael, snap his neck."

Agares glances at me in confusion. "What? We can't kill them, Satan! They're defenseless."

"'Zactly. It means they won't put up a fight. We've been killing animals left and right. What difference does it make?"

Diablo hops to the floor and steps away, allowing Bael to draw near. Before the big guy can do his work, Valac shoves me aside.

"That one's soul is mine; his death will be sublime. Don't cry or whine; there will be a next time."

Bael jumps aside as Valac summons his scythe. The Reaper swings around and stabs the blade down. It passes through the angel's body and hits the ground with a _tink_. A moment later, the angel's skin pales. His glowing aura dims, and the life expires from his eyes. Valac raises his lantern. A ghostly wisp escapes the angel's body, enters the lantern, and spins inside for a moment before coming to a rest.

Everyone stares in shock as Valac raises his scythe over the second cherub. "What was that?" Agares asks.

Valac drives his scythe through the second cherub's chest. As the light fades from the angel's eyes, Valac turns away. "The power of an angel, the power of the Creator. I reap their souls so my power will become greater."

"What's a soul?"

Valac doesn't reply, but I do. "It's the innermost part of an angel or one of us. When it dies or vanishes, so do they, leaving an empty husk behind."

Agares stares stonily at the two dead angels, then wipes his forehead. "Tsk. Killing someone when they're helpless feels wrong. I can't condone it."

"I don't like it either," Bael grunts. "It ain't fun if they don't fight back."

"Enough bickering," I say, interrupting their conversation. "We don't have long. Let's go."

Reluctantly, Agares falls into place beside me as we hop into the portal. The other five demons follow after, and once we arrive on the other side, I glance around warily. 

"I don't see anyone. Bael, Deebs, you two stay near the portal. If any angels come, try and knock 'em out. If you can't... make sure we know."

"I understand," Diablo replies. He makes an _ok_ sign with his hand. "I'm on the job."

I gesture toward Belial. "You and Agares, come with me. We've gotta find Samael and Uzziel. They're the key to my plans. The rest of you, fan-out, keep low, and try to blend in. Stay away from angels if you can. Tell the imps to spread the word about our flight."

Lucifer, Orias, and Vepar nod. "Understood."

Valac lowers his head. "Do as you please, but I have a goal. Don't interrupt me, or for you, a bell will toll."

The Grim Reaper glides through the nearby tall grass, becoming a shadow amongst the greenery. The rest of us stare at him silently as he leaves, unsure what to do.

"He'd better not fuck everything up," I mutter. "Let's move."

---

I head toward the Gardens, keeping out of sight whenever possible. Agares and Belial slink along behind me, though it doesn't take long for my nerves to tremble.

"Too many angels around," I mutter. "We stick out like a sore thumb, especially in these clothes. Imps don't wear animal hides."

Agares' tongue flicks out of his mouth. "Tsk. Let's shed them, then."

"I'd rather not," Belial says, acting oddly prudish. "I'm not comfortable in the nude."

"Shake your tush," I say, turning to grin at her. "I'm sure you'll enjoy it. Besides. A little nudity ain't nothin' compared to what'll happen if the angels discover us."

Anxiety boils inside Belial's eyes. She bites her lip, unsure what to do, but after a moment, she begins pulling her tigerskin clothing off. "Fine. Stop staring."

I roll my eyes. "Ain't nothin' to see. You're flat as a board."

"Excuse me?"

"Someone's sensitive."

I quickly start pulling my pants and shirt off, and when I finish with my shirt, I stare at Belial in surprise. "Uh, what? You look..."

Belial, her body now shrunken down to an imp form, smirks at me. "Illusion magic. Now you have nothing to ogle."

"You can change your appearance?"

"It's temporary. I suspect perceptive angels will see right through my disguise."

I quickly rub my chin. "Can you use that on us?"

"Maybe? I'll try."

Belial weaves a few magic signs, then walks over and presses her palm against my chest. As soon as she draws close, her body morphs back into her demon form, but after stepping away, it shrinks again. 

She repeats her magic with Agares, and after the two of them separate, Agares' body shrinks. "Did it work?" He asks.

"Yeah. I think it did for me, too."

Belial breathes a sigh of relief. "My magic will wear off soon if I don't keep renewing it, so we need to move fast. Don't walk too close to angels. They'll see through our facades."

"Trust me. I'll keep my distance."

...

The three of us start walking toward a large group of angels near the center of the Gardens. It doesn't take long before we spot Uzziel with a crowd of onlookers watching as she plays her harp.

"There's the dame," I whisper to the other two. "We gotta pull her out of that crowd. Isolate her. Get her all alone."

Agares frowns. "Be careful, Satan. She might look like a young woman, but Uzziel is still an Archangel. She's extremely dangerous."

"You don't have to tell me twice. Keep your eyes peeled for Samael. He's the key to my plan."

Cautiously, we skulk around the edges of the gathering. One or two angels glance at us for a moment, but they turn back to Uzziel's performance after a second or two. We don't matter to them.

After finishing, Uzziel bows her head, and the others clap politely. "Beautiful as always!"

"Thank you, I do what I can," Uzziel says sweetly. Her radiant smile warms the hearts of everyone nearby. 

"Satan," Belial whispers. "Return to that secluded spot behind the tree. I have an idea."

I frown. "What are you planning?"

"I'm going to draw Uzziel away from this crowd. Don't worry. I think I'll succeed. If I don't try, she'll probably continue playing her harp for hours."

"True. Mother loves plucking at the damn thing."

Agares raises an eyebrow. "Shouldn't we stop calling her 'mother' now?"

"Of course not, dumbass. Our goal today is to use Uzziel for our gain, not to hurt her. If she turns feisty, we'll use force. Otherwise, we won't."

"Whatever you say."

Agares and I leave Belial to the task at hand. We slip off and return to the tree where we stashed our clothes and lie in wait.

A minute passes. Two. Three.

I bite my lip. "Damn. What's taking so long?"

Agares appears unfazed. "Belial is cautious, Satan. Give her time to work her magic. If she pulls too hard, Uzziel might cause a scene. That would be disastrous."

"We don't have time, remember? The angels could check on Heaven's Gate at any moment. Cripes. Wish she'd pick up the pace. Can't ever rely on a broad for anything."

After another minute, Agares peeps out from behind the tree. "Oh! Look alive, Satan. Here they come."

I nudge Agares. "Try and stay out of sight, but morph into a lizard again. We'll need to subdue Uzziel, then lure Samael over next. You're the best guy for the job."

Agares nods. "As you command."

He quickly morphs his body, grows scales, claws, and a tail, then he scurries up the tree, climbing it just as Uzziel and Belial walk around to my side.

Uzziel's voice lilts when she sees me. "Oh, is this the one? I thought ye said he was injured."

Belial's eyes flick to me, then dart around, trying to find Agares. I quickly clutch my chest and lean back, pretending to be hurt. "Ah, mudder Uzziel, it bad. Tummy hurt."

Concern sprouts on Uzziel's face. "Oh? Are you alright, little one? Did you overeat?"

She takes a few steps toward me, ignorant of the reptile clinging to the branches above. As she kneels down,. Uzziel's expression turns into a frown. "Hey... thy face is familiar. Come to think of it, so is the female's..."

The Archangel doesn't get a moment to piece the puzzle together. Belial and Agares pounce at her. Belial morphs and stretches her body, quickly wrapping around Uzziel's arms and legs to stop any spellcasting, while Agares lands on the woman's back, digs his claws in, and latches onto her firmly.

The Archangel flops onto her stomach, unable to fight back. Agares covers her mouth with his claws and presses a talon against her throat. "Don't make a sound, Mother. We won't hesitate to kill you."

Uzziel's eyes dart around in terror. She stops struggling to stare at me helplessly as I loom over her.

"We don't want to hurt you, Mother. As long as you keep quiet and play the part of our hostage, things will turn out alright. Agares, are you holding her tight?"

The reptilian demon nods. His crocodilian head makes it difficult to ascertain his emotions, but coiling around Uzziel's body seems to disturb him somewhat. I don't think he likes it.

"Alright. Belial, find Samael. Bring him here next."

The demoness unwraps from Uzziel slowly, allowing Agares to coil his tail around her arms, pinning them behind her back. "Uzziel told me where he was on the way here. I'll return soon."

Belial darts away, leaving Agares and me alone with Uzziel. The Archangel mumbles through Agares' claws covering her mouth. "Mghm?"

"I told you to keep quiet, Mother. Don't speak, and this will all be over soon."

Her body sags in Agares' grip. 

This time, fifteen minutes pass. Agares begins to dart his eyes around. "Tch. We should have brought Deebs. He could have put her to sleep."

"I need her to be awake. It'll convince Samael better if she struggles a little."

Agares glances away. "You're messed up, Satan."

"No more than some demons, and less than others."

Eventually, when I glance behind the tree again, I spot Samael walking behind Belial. He scowls at her as if he can't believe she would waste his time over some trivial task.

The moment Samael rounds the tree, his eyes laser onto Uzziel, facedown on the grass, with a freaky lizard-creature wrapped around her.

"Sister?! What in the name of-?!"

"Don't move," I say, holding a finger to my neck. "Or your sister dies."

Samael blinks twice. He starts to motion with his hands, but freezes when Agares stabs his talon deeper into her throat, causing her to whimper and cry. A few drops of blood drip into the grass, staining it red.

The Archangel of Change pauses, uncertain what he should do. "Tch! What is this?! How dare ye lay a hand on Uzziel!"

"Keep calm, and your sister will live to see another day," I say, ice dripping from my voice. Belial slides over beside me to get out of Samael's reach. 

The male Archangel regards me for a few moments before lowering his arms to his sides. "Little imp bastard. Speak quickly, for soon, I will remove thy head from thy shoulders."

"Don't get your panties in a bunch, kid. I'm in control here." I wave my finger at Samael. "There's something I want, and only you can give it to me. If you don't, your sister dies."

Uzziel wiggles in Agares grasp and tries to yell something, but Agares coils around her a little tighter, like a python squeezing the life from its prey. His scaled claws continue to press against her lips, preventing her from screaming for help.

"Tell me what thou dost desire," Samael says. He suppresses his anger further, turning his expression deathly calm. His expression sends tingles of fear creeping down Satan's back, but the Devil forces himself to remain calm.

"That's better. I want you to help me release all the imps from Heaven. You should do everything in your power to ensure no harm comes to any of them."

Samael narrows his eyes. His expression is sometimes difficult to make out through the golden mask covering his upper face, but his look of suspicion is unmistakable. "An exodus? Thou intendeth for them to leave Heaven?"

"That's right, chum. Pretty simple, eh?"

Samael appears unconvinced. "Surely thou art a jester. Why should thou wish to leave Heaven when Earth is a miserable-"

"I have my reasons, stupid chicken. Don't question me. In addition to granting the imps safe passage, I want'cha to sign this scroll..."

My hands become a flurry of motion. Mana leaves my body and coalesces into a Blood Contract, which hovers before me in midair for a moment, then lands in my grasp.

"What is that?" Samael asks. 

"Call it a souvenir," I say slyly. "It's a record of my first incredible deed beating an angel. By signing this, you acknowledge I beat you. That's all."

"I don't understand."

"It's a personal thing. Call it one of my eccentricities, if you want. Either way, if you don't sign it..." I nod toward Agares, and the reptilian squeezes Uzziel even harder, making her whimper and cry.

Samael grinds his teeth together. "Worthless... fine. Give me the damned scroll. I'll have the last laugh when we place thy wretched head upon a pike."

I nod, keeping my expression neutral. "Perhaps. We shall see."

I walk toward the Archangel, and he violently snatches the scroll from my grasp. "How do I 'sign' this. What does that even mean?"

"The feather. Prick your finger with it and write your name or a symbol on the page at the bottom. Use your blood."

The Archangel curls his lip in disgust. "Gah! My blood?! Thou art a morbid little wretch. What purpose would blood-"

"Sign it!" I bark, making him jump in surprise. "Or else!"

Samael closes his eyes, then sighs. "I can't wait to... to rip the life from thy skinny little..."

The Archangel doesn't finish his sentence. Instead, he releases his grip on the scroll. For some reason, it unfurls in midair, as if held by an invisible observer. With both hands freed, Samael takes the feather, stabs his finger, and begins to write on the page.

When the Archangel finishes, a strange sensation enters my body. Adrenaline, mixed with pure ecstasy, dance like the embers of a fire in my eyes.

My pupils dilate. I lick my lips. "Oh, yes. _Perfect._"

With a flourish of my hand, the blood contract vanishes. I grin.

"Agares. Release Uzziel."

The lizard turns to gawk at me. "What?! Are you crazy? If I-"

"Do it."

Samael tenses up. He digs his feet into the ground, as if preparing to lunge at me once we free his sister.

I grin.

_What a fool._

Satan's thoughts enter my mind, as clear as day. 

Suddenly, a feeling of disorientation washes over me. I've never experienced anyone's thoughts but mine during Solomon's visions.

_He played right into my hand. Heh heh heh..._

Satan's grin widens. Samael curls up his lip and snarls. "What dost thou find so funny, little wretch?"

Uzziel wrenches out of Agares' grasp and flings him aside, then dashes to her brother. "S-Samael!"

Samael grabs his sister and pulls her behind him protectively. He lunges toward me, his fist ready to pound me into a pile of blood and gore.

I hold up my palm.

"Stop."

Samael freezes, his fist suspended mere inches from my face.

"Ngh. W-what... my... body..."

By now, my grin is downright maniacal. I begin to giggle like a madman under my breath.

"Hehe... stupid, ugly chicken. You signed your soul away to me. I own you. Stand at attention."

My command hits Samael harder than a sack of bricks. The Archangel yanks back to a standing position. Both of his arms hang rigidly at the sides of his body.

"I... I can't... move..."

Samael twitches, trying to unfree himself from the invisible shackles wrapping all around his soul.

Unfortunately, he cannot. 

I whistle a merry tune and stroll over to the Archangel. "First rule, maggot. You will never hurt or injure me or any demon, ever again."

"Samael?" Uzziel's eyes widen. "What's wrong?"

I ignore her. "Second rule. You will follow my orders or those any demon gives you unless they conflict with the first rule."

Uzziel quickly grabs her brother's shoulders. "Samael! Snap out of it! This child does not command thee!"

Samael's breath begins to shorten. "This... this is... powerful magic. Verily, thou dids't place a spell on my body... ah! That scroll!"

I nod sagely. "How unfortunate for you to realize after you've already signed it. Ah, it can't be helped. Now, my first order for you will be a simple one, though I fear you won't like it."

Samael's eyes widen. "No... no! Uzziel! Flee! Warn the others! This imp is planning something terrible! He's-!"

"Restrain your sister," I say, cutting him off. "Prevent her from using magic, and cover her mouth so she can't scream."

Samael's body obeys my command instantly, though his movements are awkward and stilted. He pivots robotically and spins toward her. Instead of lunging toward Uzziel and grabbing hold of her, something strange happens.

Uzziel's arms yanks away from her sides. Something invisible appears to grab and pull them apart. Her eyes widen once again as she tries to break free, but something with a grip far exceeding Agares' holds her in place. She tries to kick her legs out, but the invisible force grabs and pins those as well, then levitates her a few inches off the ground, suspending her helplessly in the air.

I narrow my eyes. "What's going on? How are you doing that, Samael? Answer me!"

Samael doesn't turn to look at me. "V-Vectors. My eight vectors. They're like long, invisible arms that allow me to- augh! It isn't thy business! I need not tell thee anything!"

"That's for me to decide," I mutter cooly. "Vectors, huh? Interesting. I didn't know you had a power like that. What other abilities do you have?"

The veins in Samael's neck bulge as he tries desperately not to answer. "Tr-transformation. I can shift my body into that of various animals. No! This information is not meant for thy wretched ears! How dare thee compel my speech!"

Uzziel wriggles, trying to escape. For the second time in several minutes, she is unable to break free of her assailant's grasp. This time, however, it's someone dear to her who holds her in place.

I nod to Agares and Belial. "Alright. We're done here. Let's help the other imps escape. We need-"

Suddenly, from the skies above, a male voice cries out. "By the Creator! Samael! What art thou doing to Uzziel?!"

My eyes dart to the speaker. A robed angel with a rose tucked behind his ear flaps his wings, gawking at us from above.

Samael yells, "Elphin! Run! Warn the others! This imp is using terrible magic to-"

"Stop speaking!" I bark at Samael, silencing him. "Rule three! Speak only when I tell you to!"

Elphin stares wide-eyed from above, unsure of what to do. However, to his credit, he quickly understands something is amiss. "Worry not, brother! I'll fetch the others!"

"No! Stop him!" I yell at Agares and Belial. "Don't let him sound the alarm!"

The two demons leap into action. Agares uses his powerful reptilian arms to grab Belial by the waist. She yelps in surprise, but quickly understands his intent as he rears back and flings her toward the angel fleeing in the skies above.

Belial races toward Elphin like an arrow toward a bullseye. He doesn't see her coming, and she slams against his back, wrapping herself around the Cherub like play-doh around an action figure.

Elphin yelps in surprise and loses control, plummeting toward the ground. He slams into the grass a few hundred feet away, just out of sight. Several dozen screams of surprise and alarm erupt in the clearing, turning my veins to ice.

"Damn. Damn! Now everyone knows something's up!"

Agares barks from behind me. "We have to escape, Satan! It won't be long before the other Archangels come. Whether you control Samael or not, we can't battle Michael, Gabriel, and Camael at the same time. We have to leave!"

I pause, as Satan's thoughts enter my mind.

_There are tens of thousands of imps in Heaven. We can't have saved more than a few hundred yet. We need more time._

I gesture toward Samael. "Come with me. Bring Uzziel! We're heading back to Heaven's Gate."

Belial bolts out of the Garden and rushes toward us; panic etched into her face. "The angels are coming!"

"I know! Let's make like wolves and get the bark outta here!"

---

[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DFYvwn_xLM)

All three of us, plus the two Archangels, begin running toward Heaven's Gate. A glance over my shoulder sends a wave of panic coursing through me, as hundreds of Cherubs fly overhead, tailing not far behind us.

"Get a move on! Go, go, go!!"

As we near Heaven's Gate, a shocking sight greets us. Valac stands silently among a field of angelic bodies. Armored Cherubs along with robed Seraphs lie here and there, at least a hundred of them scattered across the land. Imps dash past the corpses, ignoring them as they flee toward Heaven's Gate. Everyone knows the Cherubs are coming. Panic spreads like wildfire once they spot us and our winged pursuers.

Diablo gasps. "The Archangel Samael! And Uzziel! Boss, you-"

"Not now, dumbass! Summon everyone! We've gotta escape right now!"

We slow to a grinding halt and spin to face the blotted-out sky. Within seconds, Cherubs begin racing toward us. They slam into the ground, one after the other, landing expertly on their feet. Each impact sends a rumble through Heaven's soil, jarring my teeth.

"Diablo! Use your magic on Uzziel! Samael, hold her down!"

Several cherubs yank out their swords and jump at me. I gasp and fall on my ass, watching helplessly as the weapons race toward my heart.

A blur of motion passes before my eyes.

The angels hit a wall of solid flesh as Bael protects me and blocks their attacks. He grabs their swords and flips them to the sides, then pounces at each one and smashes their faces in with punches and kicks, snapping a neck or two in the process.

A quick glance behind me reveals Samael fighting his body as he tries not to hand Uzziel over to Diablo. Diablo forms a few magic signs, grabs her by the back of the neck, and Uzziel's eyes close reluctantly. The Archangel falls asleep, and Diablo lowers her to the ground.

"Bind her," I command. "Samael, you're on frontline duty. Kill any Cherubs or Archangels who get too close. Protect us, and especially me, with your life!"

Samael snarls, but thanks to my command earlier, he cannot speak. The Archangel leaps to the front and assumes a defensive stance as he guards Heaven's Gate. He tries to keep Uzziel within his vision, but I point at the Cherub army. "Eyes up front, dickhead! Your sister isn't your concern anymore!"

His head twitches as he tries to resist. He fails.

Samael glowers and snarls at the cherubs, causing several to rethink their life's decisions. Many of them glance at each other, unsure of whether to attack.

_Why is Samael working alongside the imps?_ Their eyes ask. _Should we attack? Should we wait for Michael and the others?_

They don't have to wait for long. As if on cue, four other angels arrive on the horizon. Two men and two women land amongst their brethren. I recognize the towering figure of Gabriel first, then Raphael beside him, but I haven't a clue who the women are.

"Samael? What is the meaning of this treachery?" Gabriel shouts. "Why dost thee stand against thy family? Why hath thee allowed the imps to bind Uzziel? Speak!"

Raphael leans forward and narrows his eyes. "Look closely, brother. Some of the imps stand taller than the rest. The bodies around us... Samael did not kill them."

Defiantly, I strut toward the Archangels. "Greetings. I doubt you'll recognize me, but I know you lot well. Gabriel, Raphael, Camael, Uriel. I'm surprised Michael didn't come along."

One of the Archangels, a female in splendid white and gold armor, far bulkier than seems necessary, glowers at me. Her face, wizened with age, reminds me somewhat of Raphael's, though it has a harder edge to it than his. She appears to be a little younger than him and is probably the second eldest of the group. 

"Filthy imps. I foresaw thy treachery centuries ago. I cast it aside as a terrible dream, but now I see 'twas another prophecy given to me by the Creator. Release our sister, or suffer our wrath."

"A prophecy, eh? Camael, the Archangel of Divination. It must be handy, seeing into the future. If only you had acted on your visions, you might have been able to stop me."

The final Archangel is a gorgeous woman in a silken red dress. Her hair, white like that of her brothers and sisters, hangs loosely over half her face, covering her right eye. Her thin frame and dainty physique give her an air of naivete, as if she's little more than a twig that will snap in half if too much pressure is applied.

I may not know who she is at first glance, but the only one I haven't met is Uriel, Archangel of Protection. It must be her.

Uriel's eyes ignite in red-hot rage. She takes a step toward me, and all my impressions of fragility vanish as two fireballs ignite in both of her palms. "Disgusting red rat! Let not another word escape thy putrid lips! BURN!"

She flings the fireballs. Samael slides toward me, and his Vectors lash out, deflecting them harmlessly to the sides, where they explode against the grass.

I reach out and smack Samael's ass. "Hah! Nice one, chum! Those rules are coming in handy!"

"What? Samael... why art thou protecting these imps?!" Uriel stares at him in shock. "What's come over thee?"

I snap my fingers and point at Uriel with an '_oh yeah, baby_' expression. "Heh, Samael works for me now, you fat cow. He's seen the light."

I quickly glance around to take stock of my surroundings. Imps cower and hide next to the bodies of fallen angels everywhere. Our exposed position affords us little protection. The situation has turned dire. Satan's bravado appears violently misplaced, given the circumstances.

Agares slithers up beside me and whispers in my ear. "Boss. Diablo finished tying up Uzziel. The other demons have returned. A few hundred imps already fled through the portal... but that's all we could save. We didn't have enough time to find more."

In the sky above, hundreds of cherubs join the others. They circle overhead, watching, waiting for the order to attack.

Movement out of the corner of my eye makes me flinch. I turn to see Lucifer, Vepar, and Orias calmly walking toward the portal as if they haven't a care in the world.

"What is thy plan, little imp?" Raphael asks. He smiles at us warmly, like an old man about to break a paddle over his grandson's ass. "Thou dids't slay many of my brothers and sisters. Their corpses have yet to cool. Dost thee imagine a quick retreat is within thy grasp? At best, thou might make it a mile before thy worst nightmare befalls thee. If we fail to stop thee here, then Michael shall hunt thee to the ends of the Earth and tear ye limb from limb."

Raphael tries to talk me down, but Satan smiles back.

_Stupid old man. I knew the angels would find out. I was hoping it would take longer, but nothing's changed._

"I want all of your angels to back off, grandpa. If they don't, we'll kill Uzziel."

I gesture toward the unconscious woman behind me. Diablo props her up with one arm and holds a crude stone knife to her neck with the other. Bael stands beside him, grinning, as if daring the angels to make a move.

"A hostage," Uriel murmurs. She balls her hands into fists. "How _cowardly._ Is this the reason for my brother's change of heart? Dids't thee cow him into submission by threatening his precious sister?"

I flick my gaze toward Lucifer. The demoness quietly motions for several imps to flee through the portal, continuing the plan even as hundreds of cherubs wait for us to slip up. They want nothing more than to gut us like pigs.

"No," I say, turning my attention back to Uriel. "Samael chose to join us freely. He supports our cause. Tell them, son."

Samael's eyes twitch. His mouth opens, and he speaks, but his voice is stressed as he tries to fight my command. "YES. I LOVE THE IMPS. I WANT TO FIGHT ALONGSIDE THE LITTLE RED BASTARDS."

"A convincing performance," Raphael says. "But I suspect foul play. Whatever thou dost seek, obtaining it via these acts of deception is sure to fail-"

_WHOOMPH._

A massive explosion to my left makes everyone jerk in fright. A crater explodes in Heaven as Michael pounds into the dirt. Scarcely has he landed before the Archangel pounces toward us, a golden sword aimed at me. 

"BASTARDS!"

My heart turns to ice. The most powerful Archangel in Heaven has arrived, and he's _pissed_.

"Samael! S-stop him!"

I yell an order at the Archangel of Change while recoiling in terror. Panic floods my mind. 

Michael clears the five-hundred-foot gap in barely a second. His sword moves insanely fast as he cuts apart several imps in his path, dicing them into hundreds of pieces before they can react. Samael pounces at his brother and whips out his Vectors to stop Michael. The two Archangels fly into combat as Michael instantly realizes Samael is his enemy. Unlike the other angels, Michael doesn't hold back.

From behind me, two imps yelp in surprise simultaneously. I turn around just in time to see Diablo and Bael fall into a sinkhole forming underneath them. They scream in terror, drop Uzziel, and try to grab at the sides of the chasm, but the ground swallows them up, and seals shut a split-second later.

"Hahahaha!! Foolish rats!" Uriel cackles delightedly. She motions with her hands and uses the power of Earth manipulation to spit Uzziel's bound, unconscious body out of the ground and into Raphael's arms. Diablo and Bael follow a moment later, and Camael snatches them out of midair. 

"Gotcha!"

Camael flings my companions behind her to the cherubs. "Capture them! Hold them down! I want those two alive!"

I gasp. "Deebs! Bael!"

Agares howls. "Satan! We need to flee! Make a run for it!"

"I think not!" Gabriel yells. He stomps toward us, and a hundred cherubs dive toward us from the skies. "Kill the imps! Don't let even one escape!"

Everything moves so quickly I can barely follow the action with my eyes. The Archangel of Power blasts a wave of Holy Energy at me, intent on my destruction. Agares's tail coils around my waist, and he leaps toward Heaven's Gate, along with all the other imps in the area.

Lucifer aims her third eye at Gabriel. His attack ceases. He stumbles and trips, then falls flat on his face as he loses his footing. The cherubs from above howl in pain as Valac pounces into the sky and cuts through them with his scythe, making their corpses slam into the ground only seconds after dying.

While it rains cherubs around us, all the nearby imps push through the portal. Just before Agares and I enter it, I catch a glimpse of Diablo as he screams in pain. One of the cherubs stabs him with a magical blade and pours Holy Energy into his veins.

Then, Heaven vanishes. I pop through the portal along with Agares,  Vepar, Orias, Belial, Lucifer, and all the others as well. 

Agares dashes through the hallways, carrying me with his tail.

"Deebs! Bael! We have to save them!" I yell.

The reptile sets his jaw. "We can't, Boss! We can't..."

For some reason, the angels don't pursue us through Heaven's Gate. This time, though, I don't think it has anything to do with Titans.