Part 419: The Stormbringer Tribunal (Part 4)

Private Henry, a young man from one of humanity's liberated worlds, finds himself on a stage where only minutes earlier, one of his commanding officers died in a horrific, brutal, frightening manner. As the eyes of millions of people fall on him, Henry begins to shake and tremble. The strength in his knees fades, leaving him ready to buckle. At only twenty-two years old, Henry is only a few years younger than the Wordsmith himself, though he appears far younger due to Jason's artificial appearance-alterations.

Henry's short-cropped black hair sticks to his sweaty forehead. Drops of perspiration slide down his face, making him appear a sorry sight. His arms remain bound behind himself, preventing him the dignity of even wiping away his sweat with a sleeve. His teeth chatter. His vision wavers as he tries not to hyperventilate from anxiety.

Seeing the pitiful state of the young man before him, Yamir eases up on his usual routine. He does not broadly gesture with Lorent's butcher axe, nor does he speak in a loud and boisterous tone. Instead, he walks over and gently rests an arm on Henry's shoulder.

As long-time friends, the two have fought and trained together on many occasions. Henry was among the first of the people saved by Hope and Neil, a young recruit with a lot of potential who Yamir admired.

"Henry..." Yamir says. "Calm down. It will be okay. You have already been been judged and proven guilty of abandoning Commander Neil to the Balrog. By closing the portal right before the Core's self-destruction, you all but guaranteed his death would be swift, and it was only a lucky break that saved his life. In the end, Neil did survive, and nobody else died as a result of your actions. Perhaps if you plead your case well, this jury may lighten your sentence."

Henry shivers in fright. He looks into Yamir's eyes with a pleading gaze. "They... they might?"

"Of course. The Wordsmith is a compassionate man, and so is Lady Phoebe, Lady Blinker, Lady Samantha, and many others present. Go on, then. Give the jury your honest thoughts."

Perhaps due to Yamir's calm and soothing tone of voice, Henry manages to push down some of his abject terror and turn a weak gaze toward the thirty humans, demons, monsters, and even an Archangel and a Psion above him. This disparate group listens as the young man shakily starts to speak.

"E-everyone... I... I am so sorry..."

Tears well up in Henry's eyes as he struggles not to break down in front of millions of people.

"...I don't know what I was thinking. Ose came to me, but... but she took the appearance of a beautiful woman... a beautiful human woman... I thought she was like a spirit, or maybe a ghost... I don't know exactly..."

"When my friend Piper died six years ago to Beelzebub's attack, I was so sad, and so bitter... every day I felt depressed and suicidal, but Miss Oshina- sorry, Ose... Ose was always there for me, helping comfort me..."

"And then she started telling me these little things that bugged me at first, but I came to accept them as truth. She told me Jason was actually an enemy of humanity and a friend to the demons, and that he and Hope and Neil were working together, and that I should be ready to act if their efforts threatened humanity..."

Henry speaks at length for over ten full minutes without interruption. Several people in the audience, as well as the jury members, listen silently while he pours out his heart and explains the factors that led to his ultimate betrayal of Neil.

Even Neil himself doesn't seem to hate the kid. He smiles at times and chuckles wryly, though what thoughts run through his head, only he and the lone Psion can know.

"Commander Neil..." Henry says, his throat tight and his voice choked, "...I am _so_ sorry for what I did. I fell for that evil demoness. I let her trick me, and I nearly killed you. I... I don't want to die... but I know what I did was wrong... I only ask for mercy! I know I don't deserve it... but _please_..."

If his hands weren't bound behind his back, Henry might fall to his knees and pray to Neil right on the spot. Sadly, he canot, and so, he opts instead to bow his head in as reverential a manner as possible.

On the jury platform above, Neil sighs deeply. Seeing the promising young man below, Neil does feel more than a hint of bitterness toward Henry's betrayal, but he also recalls all the times in the past six years when Henry's gunmanship allowed him to snipe demons off the backs of his comrades, saving dozens of lives along the way.

Slowly, Neil stands up and walks to the edge of the platform. He pauses at the guard-rail and clears his throat.

"Henry. Perhaps, more than anyone else here, I should hold the most say over your punishment or lack thereof. It was me who you directly betrayed. I... resent you for what you did. But thinking back on that day, it was a confusing time for many of us."

Neil pauses for half a breath.

"I wish to ask you some questions. Would you be willing to answer truthfully?"

Henry raises his head. "Questions? Yes. Yes! I will answer anything you ask, Commander Neil!"

"Good. You're a good child." Neil says. "First. Do you remember when I interrogated you, Caddis, General Chadwick, Corporal Hurent, and Lieutenant Samuel?"

Henry quickly nods. "Of course! That was when Caddis had betrayed us to sabotage the Core's detonators."

"I knew you wouldn't forget." Neil says. "You appeared visibly nervous during that conversation. At the time, I chalked up your nerves to some unknown circumstances, but in hindsight, had you already taken to betraying me ahead of time?"

Henry's expression falls. "No, sir. Not... not exactly. It's just... when you were talking about various topics, I started to feel guilty in my heart, because..."

He pauses.

"...well, I'm not entirely sure why. I always believed I was on humanity's side, but perhaps Ose's words had already made me suspicious of my own motives."

Neil strokes the sides of his mouth, hiding a sly smile from everyone's gazes. He quickly returns his face to a neutral expression.

"Yes, I believe you when you say you were confused at the time. These demons... they can be quite sly in how they speak. No doubt, Ose preyed upon your vulnerabilities, your thoughts, your motivations... it's just more proof you cannot trust demons and take them at their words. They can corrupt even the most innocent of minds."

Behind Neil, several Demon Emperors glance at each other. They easily see through his ploy, making some of them frown while others chuckle wryly.

"The balls on this human." Emperor Fae snorts. "I do like a man who speaks his mind!"

"He is using his words to influence the thoughts of those who hold doubts." Emperor Serena says quietly. "Neil Adams is not someone we should underestimate. There are many people who are ambivalent toward demons, neither trusting nor distrusting us. But his words... they have the power to sway minds."

Emperor Kristoff, having been silent up to this point, shakes his head wryly. "As an ancient philosopher once said, _the pen is mightier than the sword_. Neil's tongue is certainly sharper than most blades."

Neil continues to question Henry. He asks Henry about how long Ose manipulated him, whether or not Henry performed any other betrayals or sabotages, and finally, Neil turns to look at someone unexpected.

"Creator Demila. You are a Psion, someone of far greater standing than us lowly humans, yes? Are you able to read the thoughts of young Henry?"

Demila turns to look at Neil with a hint of bemusement. 

[Indeed, I can.]

"Then would you be so kind as to tell the jury whether or not Henry has spoken any lies?" Neil asks.

Demila slowly blinks. [How do you know if you can trust my words? Whether I say he is lying or not, perhaps I will speak with an ulterior motive, intending to press a wedge between your distinct human factions.]

"Yes, perhaps you will." Neil nods. "But you are an emissary of the mighty Volgrim Empire. I do not believe you would stoop to such depths when you could easily crush the bodies of every person here through your unique powers."

Demila's mouthless face shifts, perhaps into an expression resembling a Volgrim's smile.

[I did not expect you of all people to be willing to place such trust in me. You are an interesting mud-dweller, Neil Adams. In a way, you remind me of my First Founder.]

She turns her head toward the young man in the center of the stage.

[The human known as Henry spoke no lies. He did not betray humanity in any other discernable way that I could tell. However, beyond surface-levels thoughts, I am unable to read any deeper. I am not as accomplished in the mental arts as some of my colleagues.]

"You aren't?" Neil asks.

[No. I am considered a Class II Telepath. There are five classes in total. The highest ranks can effortlessly rewrite the thoughts of weak-minded individuals and turn them into permanent slaves. As for myself, I focus mostly on reconnaissance. My abilities are tailored on broad observation, allowing me to survey entire star systems with ease.]

The Psion slowly blinks.

[As for your thoughts of potentially hiding information from me now that you know of my 'weakness,' do not bother, Neil Adams. I have already collected more information than you can possibly imagine.]

Neil's smile becomes a tad more forced. He stifles a grimace, then awkwardly nods.

"...Right. Well, I thank you for your assistance, Creator Demila. Forgive me for my primitive impulses."

[All beings wish to obtain greater benefits for themselves.] Demila says, her words projecting into the minds of every observer. [You are merely looking out for yourself, as would any other form of somewhat intelligent life. This is the natural order.]

A few moments pass as Neil digests Demila's words. He finally turns to look at Henry on the platform below.

"I have made my decision. Henry, you committed a great crime against me personally. However, I do not wish to see a young life snuffed out due to the deception of a demonic temptress. In the end, I survived, and you learned a valuable lesson. Therefore, my judgment is as such: I believe you should go free, but you may never again step foot in humanity's military ranks. You will forever be an ordinary civilian with a black mark on your record."

Henry's heart sinks at this judgment, but at the same time, it soars into the heavens!

"You're... you're forgiving me, Commander? Truly?"

Neil shakes his head. "I am not forgiving you. I am _understanding_ you. You did try to kill me, but I no longer believe you were at fault. The Henry I met six years ago was a cute, innocent young man who would not do such a thing. While I am going to give you the right to re-enter human society, I will not allow you to rejoin my military. You have lost that privilege."

Henry nods. His expression dims somewhat, but he quietly accepts his lot.

"...Thank you, Commander Neil. I'm sorry I... disappointed you."

Neil turns to look at the humans and demons behind himself.

"I have issued my verdict. What about the rest of you?"

Jason looks at Phoebe. The two of them don't need to say a word, but they know well what Neil's true ploy is. He successfully turned Henry's judgment into a moment to proselytize about how evil the demons are, and his forgiveness of Henry only serves to show just how 'kind' and 'forgiving' he is.

The Wordsmith's stomach churns. _In matters of deception, Neil is far, far above me._

"I agree with your judgment." Phoebe says. "If you are willing to show mercy to Henry, then so am I."

Jason nods. "And I as well."

"I always liked Henry." Belial chimes in. "He's not a perfect kid, but he has a good heart. He deserves a second chance."

"Henry was one of Kar's good friends." Blinker says quietly. "I agree with Neil's judgment."

One by one, all of the humans and monsters agree with Neil. When the Demon Emperors get their turn, they also perfunctorily agree, not that they really give a damn about the fate of one random nobody.

Eventually, the final vote falls to Uriel. Of all the people present, she has been the most consistent voter aside from Belial. She has always punished demons with death and spared humans, giving them the punishment of slavery.

This time, though, she does not act as she usually does.

"I believe the boy should be put to death." Uriel says, startling the others. "He collaborated with the enemy. An example must be made of him. Whether he is an ignorant youth or not, I care not. Those who collaborate must _die_. They will always return to their cowardly ways."

She glances at the shocked expressions of the humans around her.

"Dost my words offend thee? Take heed: This boy will return to his wicked ways. Whether in the near or far future, 'tis certain to occur. I have watched as many a bastard begged for forgiveness, only to turn around and plunge a dagger into the back of their benefactor."

She shakes her head.

"My vote will not change his fate. But take heed! This Henry is a snake in the grass. He must never again be trusted to perform any duty."

Jason sighs. "We know that, Uriel. As per Neil's decree, Henry will never again serve in our armed forces."

"Mmm. I pray that will be enough." Uriel says, before taking her seat once again. Her angelic beauty, a façade created to make her appear as she did tens of thousands of years ago, serves to hide the truth that she is merely a possessor of Barbatos's body. Her beauty also serves to give her words slightly more credence, making the rest of the jury look at Henry with thoughtful expressions.

After the voting concludes, Henry gives his profuse thanks, then steps off the podium to sit back in the crowd. He turns to the funny old man, 'Robert', and wryly smiles.

"Well. They let me off. Maybe you'll get lucky too, grandpa."

Robert, also known as Beelzebub, directs a look at the kid sitting beside him.

"Oh, I doubt that _very_ much."

Up next comes another large group of people. These turn out to be the saboteurs who took over the Atlas Cannon during Stormbringer, as well as a couple of people who worked to assassinate Elder Skarde during Stormbringer. Sadly, his soul ended up devoured by Mephisto, and he was unable to revive inside the Lazarus Tower.

The looks of mercy and forgiveness people directed at Henry vanish in an instant. When they mentally compare his crime with that of the murderous saboteurs on the stage now, they truly realize just how fair Henry's forgiveness was. At least, unlike these monsters, Henry didn't directly kill anyone!

Phoebe is the first to stand up and pass her judgment.

"You lot are bastards, through and through. Your actions shattered the barrier my husband put up. The shattering of Jason's Barrier opened up Hero City to attack, allowing Beelzebub to slip inside! It was because of you he was able to tear through the underground section of the barrier and arrive in the middle of our city! Millions died as a result of your actions... and I deem you among the worst of all the Stormbringer sinners!"

Phoebe pronounces a declaration of death upon these people. Jason stands up, and he too proclaims that they deserve to die.

Neil, Blinker, Uriel... all of these individuals join the Wordsmith and Phoebe to cast down terrible judgment upon Stormbringer's second-most-hated individuals after Beelzebub himself. Vicious words pour from their hearts as they call down figurative fire and brimstone upon those who seized control of the Atlas Cannon.

Not only did the saboteurs shatter Jason's shield, but they also launched an attack that directly killed five thousand human soldiers on the western front!

The group of ten or so survivors hang their heads in shame. The gamble they took, that Ose would save them when the demons seized Tarus II, ends up failing them completely, leaving them no room to defend themselves.

Finally, the last vote comes down to Belial. Despite the fact that her one vote cannot change these people's fates, everyone turns to her, waiting to hear what sort of a defense she will issue in regard for the sanctity of their lives.

However, Belial does not issue her usual declaration.

Instead, she looks down coldly at the small, pathetic-looking vermin on the stage. Her eyes narrow as she directs an icy glare their way.

"I... I truly hate all of you." Belial says, hissing her words through clenched teeth. "Coming to this Tribunal, I was ready to forgive anyone. I hate death. I hate violence. I want nothing more than for peace to spread throughout the whole galaxy."

She clenches her trembling fists at her side.

"But... but you took my niece from me. All of you, and Beelzebub, too. You killed that precious little girl. I hate you in a way I cannot put into words. Even more than I hate you, I hate myself too! I hate that I was unable to protect Phoebe's daughter. The guilt eats me up every moment of every day!"

Belial's demonic vision flicks across the faces of these ten saboteurs, those who survived and weren't cut down by the Atlas Cannon's internal security. She easily perceives every wrinkle on their faces, every eye-twitch, every subtle motion of their irises.

"I just want to know..." Belial whispers, her words transmitting to the audience. "...do _you_ feel guilt, too? Do you wake up every day sick to your stomach? Do you look in the mirror and wish that you had never been born?"

The expressions on the faces of the saboteurs are all the answers she needs.

"Because I do." Belial concludes. "And I now give my final judgment. I sentence you all to death. If you see my niece in the afterlife, I hope she spits in your face. Not that she would. She was better than all of you."

Belial turns and heads back to her seat, leaving everyone in the audience stunned!

Nobody expected that Belial would so hatefully rescind her prior statements of forgiveness for all the accused in such a manner. Her words serve to reinforce just how vile and hateful their crimes truly are.

At the same time, Phoebe looks back at her friend. "Sammy..."

"I meant what I said." Belial says quietly. "I feel... no regrets."

The condemned turn and leave the stage, a cloud of darkness hovering over their heads. None of them receives a drop of mercy, not even from Tarus II's kindest and most loving individual.

After they depart, Yamir clears his throat. He stands up a little straighter and turns to face the audience.

"Everyone. You have all received your judgments. Some of you have been penalized with death, others slavery, and only one has been set free."

He pauses to look at Henry, then continues.

"However. There is still one final person who has yet to be judged. We have kept his existence a secret until now. Even the guards at the prison did not know his true identity..."

Henry listens intently to Yamir's words. As the minotaur speaks, Henry's expression gradually shifts to one of confusion.

"That's odd. Grandpa Robert, you haven't even gone up there yet. Who the heck is Yamir talking about? Surely, it's not you, right?"

He laughs to himself at the absurd notion, but when he turns to look at the kind old man beside him, he finally notices the stone-cold expression frozen on Robert's face.

"...Grandpa? Wait, are you actually going up there last?"

Beelzebub directs a hollow glance at the young man beside him. He chuckles lifelessly.

"Enjoy your life, Henry."

Yamir finishes his pronouncement, then directs his attention to the old man sitting beside Henry.

"...that fellow is sitting right here. In the prison, his given name was 'Robert.' However, that is not his true identity. 'Robert,' please step forward."

Beelzebub sighs. He slowly rises to his feet, then begins walking down the aisle to his side, while several people direct curious gazes his way.

Hungry, the Obsidian Goblin who attacked the Core, nudges a different goblin beside him. "Hey, who the heck that guy? He look kinda familiar, yeah??"

The other goblin shrugs. "Dunno. All fleshies look same to me."

Beelzebub arrives at the bottom of the platform, then he steps up onto the podium, his seemingly simple appearance belying his true nature underneath.

"Would you like to introduce yourself? Or should I?" Yamir asks.

The Duke of Inferno sighs for the umpteenth time today.

"I'll do it."

He slowly sweeps his head across the Demon Emperors gathered above, those who look at him with curious gazes, as well as the grim and expectant faces of Neil Adams, Blinker, Uriel, Jason, and Phoebe.

"My name... is Beelzebub." He says, his voice projecting to the audience. "I am the one who attacked humanity. I am the one who killed... _millions_."

The crowd goes berserk.