Part 333: Back From the Dead

After meeting with the other heads of humanity's united militaries, Jason, Phoebe, and Belial leave their makeshift command structure, a simple square building lacking all frills, to head over to the hospice division.

They pass the giant pit left behind by Beelzebub's detonation and pause to look at it as many often do. The crater's sheer size leaves an indelible impression on any who see it, making it an iconic landmark in the city, one that inspires countless feelings of rage, bitterness, and melancholy.

"We really ought to do something about this..." Belial says. "It's become a hazardous location. Already, one old man and two children have fallen inside and gotten injured."

"Yeah. I've been thinking we should put a memorial here." Phoebe says. "Something with the names of all the people who died during the Stormbringer Attack. We should honor their memories."

Jason shakes his head. "We'll honor them more by bringing them back to life. I'm going to build the Lazarus Tower right here, once your spirit-self finishes its designs. If we fail to resurrect some people... then we'll build monuments for them afterward."

They continue walking, but keep their pace slow while sweeping their gazes over the ruined city. Already, several new buildings have been built, their shoddy construction and thrown-together nature telling the story of a populace in a hurry to erect housing as quickly as possible.

"Since the old city is gone," Phoebe says, "we should plan out the next incarnation more carefully. I've mocked up some designs for improved Building Constructors, similar to my old device, but more energy efficient with better storage capabilities. We'll be able to pre-fabricate structures from several designs. I just feel like we could stand to give the city an artistic touch."

"Art won't help us win against the demons." Jason mutters.

"No," Phoebe concedes, "but architectural design can do all sorts of other useful things. For example, in Ancient Rome, or Greece, the unique ways they constructed their buildings made them identifiable from a distance. Statues of commanding officers could inspire morale among the soldiers, water fountains could give people serene places to cool down after long days at work, and recreational hotspots would become community gathering places. By contrast, a bunch of utilitarian, ugly, square blocs won't do anything but depress the people following us."

Jason pauses his walking. He chews on his lower lip for a few moments while considering Phoebe's words.

"Hmm. You have a point. We could all do with some mood-boosting, in general. Me and your spirit-self are going to focus on our war-time capabilities, so why don't you focus on city-building, urban planning, and fixing the people's morale? You're better at that than me, anyway. Everyone loves you."

Belial nods. "The man speaks truth!"

"I'll work on improving our T-REX's and other such things in between," Phoebe says, "but otherwise, sure. You leave the city management to me. I'll probably bring Neil's assistant, Debra, in to help with the low-hanging fruit."

Jason rests his hands on his hips. "Neil. He and Hope were close. Hope is going to be devastated when he finds out..."

"I'm not convinced Neil died." Belial says. "Maybe his body got crushed when the Core collapsed, but we didn't find a corpse, nor his T-REX. Even if he did die, he probably ended up in Mephisto's hands."

"I tried using 'Locate' to find him." Jason says. "But I couldn't pick anything up. He wasn't in Gressil's prison, so he wasn't being hidden by the Warden's... weird... anti-magic aura."

"That's not necessarily true." Phoebe says. "Remember? You said Ose hit you with a burst of strange energy that short-circuited your magical abilities. You also said the energy felt somewhat similar to Beelzebub's detonation, and to Gressil's aura. The three must be linked. Considering Ose is Gressil's sister, and she was close with Beelzebub... maybe she found some way to harness Gressil's energy."

"That makes sense." Belial interjects. "Think about it. Even if Neil died and ended up resurrected under Mephisto's control, you should be able to sense him, right? But you can't. And Ose wasn't gunning for you, she was aiming to capture Phoebe and, erm, Daisy. But if you could just use Locate to find your wife and daughter, that plan wouldn't be of much use. Maybe she wanted-"

"She wanted to capture Phoebe and Daisy, then hide them with Gressil's magic," Jason says, as his eyes flicker with realization. "Yeah. That makes sense. And she might have Neil hidden somewhere, too."

He pauses for a moment.

"...But if that's the case, how can we find him? I can't sense him. The Labyrinth is massive, not to mention all the other worlds demonkind controls. She could have hidden him anywhere, and that's assuming she did in the first place. Our technology won't be much use in locating him, since Ose would have been sure to disable his T-REX."

Belial presses a finger to her lips in thought. "Well... I could head into the Labyrinth to find him."

"Whoa, whoa," Phoebe says. "That's a no-go, Samantha. You're one of demonkind's most hated enemies. If you go in there, someone will attack you, for sure."

Belial scoffs. "Who? Ose? The Hidden Emperors? Ose is probably Mephisto's pawn, now. Resurrected under his control. The Hidden Emperors might be able to hurt, capture, or kill me, but have you forgotten?"

Belial's body suddenly shifts its appearance, morphing her into a perfect facsimile of Ose, mirroring her long white hair, her white uniform, and even her long boots.

"I can be _anyone_," Belial says, her voice sounding irritatingly like Ose's. "Most people aren't aware, but I was Satan's best espionage agent. Ose was known as 'Ghost' because she could move undetected inside human infrastructure and through their defense lines, sabotaging their technology and installing computer viruses and whatever else. She alone ended up bringing humanity to its knees in the final days of the Energy Wars."

Belial cocks her head playfully. "But little old _me_? I did all of that centuries before she was an apple in the Creator's eye. I brought down the Roman Empire, the Greeks, and all sorts of other civilizations. I didn't kill anyone, since that's not my MO, but I did all sorts of other fun things. If I don't want to be found, nobody will know who I am. Well, except for maybe Jason. His Wordsmithing would have been really annoying to deal with during the 'fun times.'"

Phoebe nods hesitantly. "Well... if you're so confident... I guess it will be alright."

"Hmm... you've reminded me of something." Jason adds. "Ose infiltrated us. She subverted our men, poisoned their thoughts, and placed traitors in our midst. She did all of that because I didn't know how souls worked, nor about her Astral Form. But that isn't the case anymore. I'll have to prepare defenses for dealing with souls."

The Wordsmith pauses for a moment, then smiles.

"Your spirit-self says she can build some passive defenses into the Lazarus Tower," Jason says to Phoebe. "But, I'm still gonna put some stronger active measures into play, once I have the time."

Phoebe nods. "Good idea. Err, I guess it's _my_ idea. Does that make me a narcissist if I'm technically praising myself?"

"I ask myself things like that all the time when it comes to Hope," Jason answers. "Welcome to the world of having a clone."

Phoebe frowns at him for a moment. "It's not like I _asked_ you to clone me."

"Uh, right. Sorry. Again."

The three of them continue onward until they reach the hospice area, where several hundred tents and a few small square buildings stand erected, all of them purely made for function over design.

The moment the Wordsmith arrives, a feathery Harpie walks up to him, her claws digging into the charred dirt as she struts.

"Jason, Phoebe, Belial, I'm glad you've all come," Doctor Fathy says. As the most senior medical officer in the human resistance, barring Belial herself, she holds a lot of pull with the people who she's saved over the years. "I finished the preliminary results on Hope. We've scanned him thoroughly to deduce any lingering trauma, but I found a few... anomalies. You should have a look at his results."

She hands a paper to Jason, who immediately shows it to Phoebe and Belial.

"What are we looking at?" Jason asks, not understanding the jargon on the page.

"How odd," Belial says. "Hope seems to have some sort of... infection in his body. No, not an infection. Something else?"

"They're nanites." Phoebe says. "Hope has nanites inside his bloodstream. Based on the configuration, these came from a T-REX. They've integrated themselves into his biological structure. They're a part of him now; they're even in his brain."

"What the hell?" Jason asks. "When did that happen? Did Gressil do something to him?"

"No. The scarring tissue is several years old." Doctor Fathy says. "There's also evidence of radiation sickness, but it's long been in remission."

"Oh... this must be from when Hope and I fought Uriel..." Belial says, as she recalls the events of six years earlier. "Yes, I remember now. Beelzebub blew himself up in the Labyrinth. Then, shortly afterward, I noticed Hope's T-REX had been destroyed, but I didn't think much of it. Perhaps, at that time, the explosion embedded the nanites in his body?"

"Could that explain why he's always been sort of... hostile?" Jason asks. "Maybe the nanites are making him more aggressive?"

Belial shakes her head. "No. He's always been like this. If I had to guess, based on these readings, the nanites have wildly improved his biological resilience. It's probably why..."

She pauses, allowing her words to drop off.

"Probably why, what?" Jason asks.

"Well. Gressil tore Hope's arms and legs off." Belial says, her lip twitching in sympathy. "That would have killed anyone else, especially since he received no medical care. And you saw all those awful torture wounds. The nanites must have been healing him the whole time. He... probably wanted to die, but couldn't."

"How awful..." Phoebe whispers, as her eyes mist up. "He's you, Jason. Hope is _you_. I wouldn't- I couldn't forgive anyone who did that to you. As far as I'm concerned, Gressil did that to _my husband._"

"Is Hope still comatose?" Jason asks Doctor Fathy.

"Yes. Though, his brain has finally started to show signs of awakening. No doubt, the nanites are healing him as we speak."

"He's gonna be so fucked up." Jason mutters. "I... I don't know how to face him. He suffered unimaginable torture. Barbarity. I don't even know if I'd have been able to hold on if I were in his shoes. He's going to suffer PTSD for the rest of his life because of this."

Jason pauses.

"Unless... I erase his memory."

"Don't do that." Belial says. "Not without Hope's permission. It's not right. He's a Wordsmith. Once he recovers... he can always erase his own memory if those events are too traumatic."

Jason glances at the building up ahead, one bearing a giant red plus-sign on its door.

"That's true. I just... I feel awful for him. He's been so neglected. Treated like garbage... and it's all my fault. I was too blind to see that he was right. He was the only one acting proactively about the demons. Him and Neil had the right idea, all along. He ended up tortured because of my inaction."

"We don't know what happened." Phoebe says. "Remember, Hope left shortly before you did. We don't know how he encountered Gressil, what they said, or-"

Before Phoebe can continue, Fathy raises her right hand.

"That's... not strictly true, miss Hiro."

The group of three blinks in surprise.

"What do you mean?" Jason asks.

"Hope has nanites in his bloodstream." Fathy explains. "He... his... his short term memory. It's been integrated into Centurion's functionality. I was able to recover some... snippets. Audio. Video. I don't recommend you watch it. I don't recommend _anyone_ should watch it."

Phoebe's misty eyes turn to tears as she averts her gaze. Even Belial's stomach curdles at the thought of what those recordings must contain.

Jason remains composed.

"Show me. Phoebe, Sam... you two should sit this one out."

"No. No, I'll watch." Belial says. "I've seen many horrifying things in my life. I can handle it."

Phoebe grits her teeth.

"If... if it was you who Gressil tortured... I'd want to see it. I owe Hope this much. Show me, too."

She balls her hands into fists, mentally imagining the worst possible things she can think of, even if she doesn't want to.

Doctor Fathy seriously reconsiders showing the videos to her long-time friends, only to inevitably relent in the wake of their agreement.

"Alright. Follow me."

Minutes later, the group of three sits at a small projector screen in a darkened room, while images taken from Hope's eyes play out.

Starting from not long after his capture, they watch and listen as Hope screams and begs for mercy. Gressil taunts him. He mocks him, stabs his body, and makes Hope's vision turn blurry with blood.

The Wordsmith, his wife, and the former Second Emperor all hold each other and force themselves to watch as Hope's screams gradually become less defined as the days drag, until eventually, he can only rasp out in pain before falling utterly silent.

No matter how much Gressil tortured him past that point, Hope became incapable of releasing a sound.

Phoebe sobs quietly, having long lost her ability to watch. Belial hugs her, but even she doesn't manage to stop her own tears.

"How horrible. Dreadful. Awful. That Gressil is... I should have killed him! I should have murdered him! Why was I so weak..."

Jason, however, manages to maintain an expression of solid steel. He remains seemingly unmoved, as if unable to weep for his clone's suffering.

Even so, his expression turns chilling.

"This is what demons do..." He mutters. "I've been so blind. All this time. They love pain, torture, barbarity. I've acted like such a child."

He glances at his wife and Belial, both of them sobbing uncontrollably.

_This is the reaction Gressil wants. He loves to see others in pain. He relishes their suffering. He's a monster amidst monsters. I used to think most demons could become like Belial, empathetic, loving, and caring. But they can't. The whole god-damned species is irredeemable._

Even in Jason's Mind Realm, Spirit-Phoebe cries, unable to watch the video without breaking down like her physical self did.

Hearing both versions of his wife cry only steels the Wordsmith's resolve more.

_These demons have to suffer. The shoe is on the other foot, now._

...

Some time later, after Phoebe and Belial have composed themselves, the trio leaves the projector room to head over to Hope's private dormitory. Dozens of troopers stand watch outside, wary of any intruders. Even the Wordsmith has to accept an invasive scan, just in case he might be a demon in disguise, looking to assassinate Hope.

They step into the rom, where they find Hope, all of his limbs regrown and his body physically in pristine condition, laying on a hospital bed with Amelia at his side.

Amelia holds Hope's hand, maintaining contact even when Jason, Phoebe, and Belial enter the room.

She only takes one glance at the ashen-faced trio before shaking her head. "You saw the video."

"We did." Jason says.

"Hope's still comatose." Amelia says. "But I'm guessing you didn't come here for him."

Belial shakes her head. "We came here for answers. It's time you told us the truth, Amelia. How did Hope resurrect you?"

"It shouldn't even be possible." Jason says. "If resurrection was so easy..."

He trails off, not saying the last part, but Amelia answers for him.

"...then you'd bring your daughter back. Right?"

The Wordsmith nods. "Right."

"Have you tried, yet?" Amelia asks.

"No. I tried resurrecting people in the past. It never worked. I always ended up with lifeless husks. Without the person's original soul, I could maybe mimic them physically,. but they'd never be the person who died. And even if I did, I wouldn't undo their deaths. I'd only bring back... a copy of the dead person."

He pauses, as if to add emphasis.

"That's what you are, right? A copy of Amelia. Not her original self. You died when the Polaris star went supernova. Hope must have figured out how to bring you back, but he only succeeded in copying your appearance. That's why you don't have magical abilities."

Phoebe and Belial both look at Jason in surprise.

"Is that who she really is?" Phoebe asks. "That does make sense. All the points add up."

Jason shrugs. "Maybe. Except, I've tried doing that exact thing before. I failed. I can create a body. I can give it a soul, and sentience. I can even give it the memories of someone, but in the end, it always turns out... aberrant. It doesn't work. Something goes wrong, and the resurrectee... dies. Within just a few hours."

"So," Jason concludes, "it's my best guess, but not a satisfying one. Maybe Hope succeeded where I failed. Maybe he perfected that method. Did he, Amelia? Is that how you're here, now?"

The Black Queen turns her head away from the Wordsmith and his companions. She reaches over to caress Hope's hair.

"You know, when you first arrived, I had a huge crush on you, Jason." Amelia says. "But I was just an ordinary woman. I admired you because you were a legendary Hero. It was a childish desire. I knew it wouldn't lead to anything serious."

She pauses.

"But then I met Hope. My sister introduced him to me. He was broken, alone, abandoned. He had just lost everything that mattered to him, all because you brought him into existence."

Her gaze flickers for a moment as she shoots a look of hatred at Jason.

"You broke Hope, and I fixed him. I'm not Amelia, and I never was. My real name is Annette. I'm Debra's sister."

"What?!" Jason asks. "Debra's sister? Annette? What the hell are you talking about?"

'Annette' touches her face.

"This isn't my original appearance. When I first met Hope, he wasn't attracted to me at all, but he found comfort in my companionship. I wanted to please him, to make him like me. So, I made him change my body, my mind, and my memories. I had him turn me into Amelia, so we could be together."

Annette punches her chest, as grief fills her eyes.

"And you... you took that from me! Because of your incompetence, my Hope ended up here, traumatized by a monster! Gressil tortured him! All that time we spent together amounted to nothing!! Gressil removed my memory blockers, violated my mind, and ruined the man I love!"

The Wordsmith's eyes widen as he re-evaluates Annette's appearance, the perfect facsimile of Amelia.

"You're... you're not Amelia? I see. Hope put her memories into your mind and changed your appearance, then he blocked out your original memories. That would stabilize your thoughts... it's... it's the only way a 'resurrection' would actually work. He converted another person into the one who died."

"That's awful." Phoebe says. "Twisted, even."

"You shut your mouths, both of you!" Annette says, rising to her feet. "Especially you, Phoebe, you fucking bitch! You're the one who messed Hope up the worst! Because of you, he nearly committed suicide!"

"Suicide?!" Phoebe asks, bewildered. "W-what did I even do?"

Annette's anger visibly fades. She chuckles wryly and turns her attention back to Hope.

"It's not what you did. It's what you _didn't_ do. You rejected Hope for Jason, and just left him alone. Did you even think of how that would affect him? No. You and Jason were happily married. Why should you care about his clone? You could have made a clone of yourself so Hope wouldn't be alone, but you never cared. None of you did. He was just your tool to fight demons. A piece of meat."

Phoebe's lower lip trembles. "That's not..."

"It _is_ true." Annette snarls. "So don't you fucking dare judge my relationship with Hope! I don't care if you think it was messed up for him to change my appearance. It's none of your god-damned business! He was in a dark place, and I saved him! Every day we spent together was like bliss for both of us! I got my Hero, and he got his Amelia. Why should you give half a damn what we did for each other in private? You didn't care six years ago, so don't act like you do _now._"

Annette waves her hand flippantly at the trio.

"When Hope wakes up, it's me he'll want to see, not any of you. So, _get out._"

Jason's mouth turns to cotton as he robotically nods.

"...Yes. I see. Sorry, Amel- err, Annette. I'm sorry that we..."

Words escape the Wordsmith's grasp. He, Phoebe, and Belial all share awkward and confused glances with one another before slowly turning around and walking out the door.

After it closes, Annette sits back down and returns to stroking Hope's hair.

"I'm sorry, love. The awful people aren't here anymore. It's just me and you, together, forever."