Part 478: Pushing Benjamin's Buttons

From the depths of the Labyrinth, a small force of human soldiers run with purpose toward the Labyrinth Core. Four medics and twelve soldiers move in tandem, flanking a pair of badly burned and injured bodies on stretchers. So poor are their conditions that any teleportation effects might end their lives on the spot.

Benjamin Brown and Siddhartha Gautama breathe raggedly as the medics lug them toward the Labyrinth Core. Once they arrive, the medics meet up with none other than Emperor Belial, who was alerted to the condition of these two injured.

"Here they are, Samantha." One of the female medics says, after setting Buddha down. "They're alive, but in poor condition."

Belial glances at Benjamin Brown. She frowns, instead opting to heal Buddha first.

A strong pulse of magical energy transmits from her palms into the body of the injured human. Belial watches as the burns covering Buddha's skin slowly pull back and recede, the pain of which causes Buddha to grit his teeth and cough.

"Aahh... ahh... nnn..."

"Bear with it." Belial says. "The healing can hurt worse than the original agony sometimes. Repairing nerve endings isn't a simple matter."

Buddha doesn't answer. He merely nods, gritting his teeth to endure the pain.

After a full thirty minutes, Belial finishes mending his wounds. So severe were his injuries that she has to take a short break to wipe the sweat off her forehead. While Buddha shakily pulls himself into a sitting position, Belial glares at Benjamin Brown.

"Mind telling me what you two were up to that left you in such states?" Belial asks Buddha.

Siddhartha Gautama nods slowly. "We went on a mission to attempt to slay Emperor Gressil. We failed."

"Just the two of you?" Belial scoffs. "Even for this ancient bucket of bolts, that was a moronic decision."

"Not only myself and Benjamin Brown." Buddha says. "Creator Demila also went with us."

He spends a few minutes explaining what happened to Belial, all while Benjamin continues laying motionless, his body wracked with pain.

"A 7th Level Psion, a Vanguard, and the Master of Combat couldn't beat Gressil with their strength combined?" Belial asks, visibly shocked. "Demila alone should have been enough to crush him. I've seen what 6th Level Psions can do to Demon Emperors. 7th Level Psions would be ten times more ridiculous!"

"Gressil is no ordinary demon." Buddha says quietly. "He is the Envoy of Chaos. Psions rely on their mental stability and hundreds of millennia of training to out-think and demolish their opponents. But Gressil can interfere with their thoughts and throw them into confusion. He cannot nullify their Psionics like he can nullify the magic of other demons... but the distinction is barely worth mentioning."

Belial shakes her head. She stands up and walks over to Benjamin Brown while her cute little succubus tail twitches in annoyance.

"I can't say I'm not happy to see that you got your ass kicked, old man." Belial grouches at the infirm old man. "After what you did to Emperor Laplace, it's about time you finally had your ass handed to you. I _liked_ Laplace."

Benjamin coughs weakly. His burned lungs make it difficult for him to speak.

"Haha... have you... talked... to Lily yet?"

"A few days ago." Belial says. "Not that we got to say much. I've been running around like a chicken with my head cut off, especially after a bunch of children dropped dead. Speaking of which, I don't think I'll be much use in fixing you up. I can't repair mechanical pieces."

"Benjamin grimaces. "If you allow me to drain a bit of your mana... I can fix myself."

"Excuse me?" Belial asks.

"Your mana." He repeats. "If I absorb the mana of a demon, especially an Emperor, my body can self-repair. I won't be able to regrow my missing arm, but I can probably have someone fix the rest... well, Ose used to repair my damaged parts. Marie and I aren't on speaking terms anymore."

"I didn't ask about your relationships, womanizer." Belial snaps. "And I'm sure as hell not giving you my mana."

Benjamin closes his eyes.

"So you will leave this broken old man here to die? I suppose it is... all that I am worth."

"Don't be such a drama queen." Belial says. She pauses to glance around the chamber. "Beelzebub! Come over here a moment."

Not far away, Emperors Beelzebub and Kiari sit together, talking about something unknown. Having returned from the battle with Mephisto a while earlier, they haven't yet taken the chance to head back to Tarus II. Hearing Belial's call Beelzebub raises an eyebrow. He stands up, as does Kiari, and the two of them walk over to Belial.

"Yes?" Beelzebub asks, smiling at Belial.

Belial doesn't smile back.

"This is Benjamin Brown." She says, gesturing to the badly burned lump of charcoal and steel on the gurney before her. "Know him?"

"Seven Hells." Beelzebub remarks, turning his gaze toward the Vanguard. "You look even worse than when I roasted you."

"Yeah, yeah..." Benjamin grumbles.

Belial explains to Beelzebub what Benjamin needs. After she finishes, a strangely evil smile creeps across the Emperor of Hellfire's face.

"Aww. Does the big strong Vanguard need little old _me's_ help? Need to take a sip of my demon juice, Benji-boy?"

Benjamin rolls his one unmelted eye. "Laugh- COUGH! Laugh it up, Beelzebub."

Beelzebub continues mocking the old man for another minute before getting tired of it. With a reluctant sigh, he slaps his wrist into Benjamin Brown's only remaining palm, allowing the Vanguard to latch onto him.

"Suck me dry." Beelzebub says.

Kiari coughs. Her face turns beet red, though for what reason, nobody really wants to say.

Benjamin closes his eyes. He calls upon his innate Vanguard abilities and activates a special power, causing Beelzebub's mana to suck out of his body, into Benjamin's palm, and from there, all the way through the rest of him.

In fewer than 20 seconds, Benjamin fully rejuvenates himself. His mechanical parts snap back into place. His burned skin and organs heal back to perfect condition, and he regains sight in his melted eye.

While his torn-off arm cannot regrow its missing mechanical parts, the rest of his body restores to peak condition, allowing the Vanguard to stand up and climb off his cot. He cracks his neck and smiles faintly at Beelzebub.

"Well. Thank you for the assist, Emperor of Inferno. I guess I owe you a beer."

"I don't drink." Beelzebub says blandly, pulling his wrist out of Benjamin's grasp. "So glad to see you back in tip-top shape. Might want to get that arm looked at."

Benjamin frowns. "Are you feeling alright? I drained quite a lot of your mana. Usually, even an Emperor would be feeling a little woozy right about now."

"No need to worry about me." Beelzebub retorts. "I barely even noticed the drain. Even since my Ascension, my mana reserves have become seemingly inexhaustible."

Benjamin starts to say something else, only to get cut off when a woman shoves past Beelzebub and jumps at the old man.

"Daddy!" Lily cries, throwing herself against her father's chest.

"Oof." Benajmin grunts, easily keeping his balance while his joyous daughter beams happiness at him. "Hello, sweetheart."

"Where did you go?!" She exclaims, hugging him tighter. "You left a note saying you might not be back for a week and- OWW! Aaaiiee!"

Lily leaps away from her father, crying out in pain as blood spurts from a fresh wound on her arm. Both she and her father have a split-second of realization as they spot a stray shard of metal sticking out of his right side, just below his broken arm stump.

Before Lily can bleed to death, Belial quickly motions with her hands to summon healing magic. She gently takes Lily's hand and smiles at her.

"Hey, Lily. Your daddy got himself banged up. Let me heal that for you."

Lily blushes. "Oh, Beli. Hi again."

"Hey." Belial says.

Beelzebub and Kiari exchange a glance. While Belial, Benjamin, and Lily continue chatting, the other two Emperors turn on their heels and stride away.

"What happened to your arm, daddy?" Lily asks, gesturing with her uninjured arm to the mechanical bits sticking out of Benjamin's stump. "That looks horrific!"

"I, uh, got in a bit of a fight." Benjamin mutters. "You should have seen the other fellow."

"Your father picked a fight with Emperor Gressil." Belial says, butting in. "He didn't win."

"Ose's brother?!" Lily gasps. "Daddy, how could you? Gressil is a terror! He's way out of your league."

"It wasn't only me." Benjamin says, shooting a mild glare Belial's way. "I also brought along a 7th Level Psion, and even the great Buddha himself."

Benjamin gestures in Buddha's direction, only to blink in surprise.

"Huh? Oh. He was just here... where'd he go?"

"Somehow, Gressil demolished the entire trio." Belial says to Lily, while ignoring Buddha's disappearance. "He beat the crap out of Creator Demila, and your father. You should have seen Benjamin's condition a few minutes ago. I think you'd have thrown up."

"Daddy!" Lily exclaims, goaded to anger by Belial's graphic descriptions. "You made it sound like you were going on a field trip, but you almost didn't come back! I was worried sick!"

"I wouldn't normally have done such a thing," Benjamin says, "but Demila and Buddha presented a picture to me of a universe that needed my helped. I only desired to keep you safe, sweet- huh?"

Benjamin pauses.

The man glances from side to side, looking slightly confused.

"Who said that?"

"Said what?" Belial asks. "Hallucinating?"

Benjamin frowns. "No. I just... could have sworn I heard a woman talking. Never mind. I think I hit my head pretty hard."

"I can call Leeroy over to check for brain injuries." Belial suggests.

"Yes, please. I'd appreciate that." Benjamin says.

Belial nods. She walks away to fetch Leeroy, leaving Benjamin alone with his daughter.

"Daddy, what are you going to do about your missing arm?" Lily asks. "It looks painful."

"No pain at all." Benjamin says. "It's just mechanical parts, sweetheart. Nothing to- huh? Who said that?"

Benjamin jerks his head around again, this time looking more concerned than before.

"Daddy?"

"Quiet." Benjamin orders, his frown hardening. "I definitely heard a woman's voice. A Psion, maybe? Could be a demon fucking with me... possibly a telepath."

Benjamin scrutinizes the crowds milling about in the Core, but none of the demons present seem to be looking in his direction. A moment later, Belial returns with the Duke of Restoration in tow.

"Sir Brown." Leeroy says, bowing his head politely. "I heard you entangled yourself in quite the troublesome matter. Mind if I look at your head?"

Benjamin nods slowly. "Yes. Please do."

Visibly aggravated, Benjamin's eyes flick around thoughtfully as he continues to assess the strange female voice he heard. At the same time, the elegant-looking Leeroy daintily presses his hands against both sides of Benjamin's head while murmuring magical incantations under his breath. Leeroy's magic dives into the human's mind, mending the visible scars that have embedded themselves into Benjamin's psyche.

"Devils." Leeroy mutters. "You have hundreds of ancient scratches, cuts, bruises, and lacerations all around the inside of your skull. Some of these are embedded so deeply that I can't heal them without a more thorough examination. If I go a little deeper, I can even see..."

He trails off, frowning as he begins to mend the worst injuries Benjamin suffered recently. Indeed, the Vanguard suffered terrible brain damage at the behest of Emperors Gressil and Lucifer.

Lily watches from the side. "Will daddy be okay?"

"Of course, of course." Leeroy assures her. "He's nothing if not a hardy bastard. Any other human would have fallen comatose tens of millennia ago if they had suffered- huh?"

Leeroy abruptly stops talking. He frowns while his eyes metaphorically bore holes in Benjamin's head. He shifts the position of his hands to try and assess different areas.

"Strange. Very strange." Leeroy says softly.

"Leeroy?" Belial asks. "Is something wrong?"

"I don't think so..." Leeroy says. "Must have been my imagination. For a second, I thought I detected a foreign entity moving about. It was probably interference from leftover Chaos Energy. Mister Brown, I believe you should take an extended rest in my care. Why don't we call up Miss Hiro to see if she can repair your arm? In the meantime, I'd like to run some tests on your brain."

Benjamin clears his throat. "Yes, yes, of course. Thanks for the help, Leeroy. My thoughts haven't felt this clear in forever. I feel like a teenager again."

Leeroy releases his grasp on the sides of Benjamin's head, then pulls away.

"Decreased cognitive skills are a common problem with soldiers who have sustained traumatic brain injuries. It seems the 'nanites' in your blood have done good work keeping you alive, but the long term damage won't be resolved easily. If you devote yourself to my medical recommendations, I believe I can increase your cognitive throughput by at least eight hundred percent over the next few weeks."

"That much?" Benjamin asks, his jaw falling slightly ajar. "Well, who am I to turn down such a generous offer? I owe you a beer."

"I'll have to take you up on that offer." Leeroy says, smiling kindly. "Until next time."

The Duke of Restoration nods his head, then turns and walks away.

After he departs, Benjamin massages his forehead. "Amazing. I never realized my thoughts were running so slowly. I thought I had simply gotten too old to function at my peak. But now I feel as if I could easily take Gressil down if we fought again."

Lily's expression turns nasty.

"Oh no you DON'T, daddy! Don't you even think of running off on some suicide mission again! I'm putting you on house arrest!"

Benjamin snorts. He rubs his daughter's head lovingly.

"Hehe. Humanity's Finest Soldier can't deny his calling. I'm a fighter first and foremost. I thought I was done fighting, but... I kind of missed the old times. At the least, I'm tired of lazing about a mansion all day. The past hundred thousand years have been... pretty boring."

"Pft." Belial chuffs. "Aside from all the succubi you've bedded."

"Are you jealous?" Benjamin asks.

"Not. Remotely." Belial bites off, before smiling at Lily. "What say you and I go catch up? I've finished healing all the wounded, and now I have some free time."

Lily nods, then waves to her father. "Alright. Bye, daddy! And don't you go running off to get in a fight again, or I'll have Beli beat you black and blue!"

Benjamin coughs. "Don't worry, I won't. Have fun..."

He grumbles to himself as he watches his little girl trot off with the Emperor of Passion, but otherwise doesn't voice his concerns.

Several long seconds pass.

Benjamin wanders off alone, his eyes flicking around as he scans the crowd.

Eventually, he licks his lips.

"Alright. Who are you. And how are you in my head?"

He speaks out loud, but keeps his voice low. He continues to scan the crowd, looking for anyone suspicious who might be telepathically transmitting words to his mind.

[Benji-boy. Don't bother. You won't find me out there.] A voice says softly, its tone vaguely seductive.

"Alright. Then what are you?" Benjamin asks. "You aren't a demon. You're... something else."

He pauses, a thoughtful expression on his face.

"The timing's too coincidental. I fight with Gressil, then a voice starts yapping in my head. He must have fucked with my brain, somehow."

[Perceptive. You're quite a powerful human.] The voice says. [Let me speak plainly. I am Desire. I am _your_ Desire. I can give you everything you want.]

"You won't be giving me jack shit." Benjamin scoffs, turning a corner into a more secluded area in the Core. "I know what Leeroy saw. He must have seen you floating around in my head, parasite. He's going to find you and pull you out. Especially once I clue him in on what you are."

[What I am? You have no idea what I might be.] Desire taunts. [But do as you please. Try to rip me out if you like. Maybe you'll even succeed.]

"Trust me, I will." Benjamin grunts. "Don't even try to sway me with some flowery words. Now that I know what you are, nothing you say will stop me from killing you."

[You're a strong man.] Desire says. [But all men have their limits.]

"What's that supposed to mean?"

[You can't protect her.] Desire says, her tone turning cold. [Gressil can be anywhere. He can be everywhere. He has already evaded humanity's slipshod defenses hundreds of times. He walks among you when and wherever he pleases. If he wants something... he will take it.]

"Motherfucker!" Benjamin hisses under his breath, his eyes turning red with rage. "You _dare_ threaten Lily?! If Gressil so much as touches a hair on her head, he will find out what happens when Humanity's Finest Soldier loses all inhibitions!"

[Hahaha.] Desire laughs, undaunted. [Humanity's Finest Soldier. A cute title. And you certainly caught my master unawares. He had no true concept of how powerful you were. But he does now. You won't be able to trick him a second time.]

"Don't be so sure." Benjamin says. "I killed Emperor Laplace. I can kill Gressil. The only reason he won is because his mommy saved his bacon."

[And the only reason _you_ made it home to your little girl is because he allowed you to do so.] Desire says pointedly. [Killing you would have taken no effort.]

Benjamin pauses. His anger quickly cools as he gets an ominous feeling in his stomach.

"Don't even..."

[You have a small amount of value to us.] Desire says. [But that value is not worth much if you're unwilling to assist our goals. In any case, it's not like you will come out unrewarded... every person has a desire they want fulfilled. We will help you achieve it.]

"And what exactly is it that you think I want?" Benjamin questions.

[That is not an easy question to answer. You are a conflicted individual...] Desire purrs. [You want to live in peace. But you crave the excitement of battle. You want to watch your daughter grow up. But you are bored with your existence.]

She pauses.

[You lack a purpose.]

"And _your_ purpose is to sow chaos in the galaxy." Benjamin growls. "Gressil wants nothing more than to spread suffering and torture and pain. Count me out."

[Don't be so hasty.] Desire warns. [Remember that your daughter's life is at stake. You cannot hide her. You cannot protect her. All that you can do is work to ensure she lives a long, healthy life...]

Despite Desire only possessing a voice, her next words come out sounding as if spoken through a smile.

[Master Gressil... you know how he enjoys breaking the minds of cute young toys. It would be a shame if that pretty little flower of yours... _had her petals plucked_.]

Benjamin's blood turns cold. He stares at the wall a few feet away, unsure of what to do.

"You bitch."

[Are you ready to start listening now?] Desire asks. [If not, we can always find someone more amenable to our Cause. You are not as important as you think. Our influence stretches further than you can imagine.]

The Vanguard lowers his head.

A drop of sweat slides down the back of his neck.

"I... I'll listen... to what you have to say."

[_Goooood_. Maybe you're not as much of a metal-brain as you think.]