Part 402: Emerging from Her Shell

A brown-haired woman and her black-haired friend quietly walk through the Fortress of Retribution's bustling city streets. The brown-haired one shyly glances from side to side, visibly uncomfortable and even a little frightened by all the hubbub, while her friend appears much more relaxed, but also focused on making sure her shy companion feels safe.

"You're doing great..." Soleil says to Cassiel, when a pair of young boys run past them laughing and screaming. "It's so brave of you to step out into the real world like this."

Cassiel nods slowly. "I... I don't feel so... it's not as bad as I expec- ulp!"

Cassiel freezes in place. Her blood turns to ice as she sees a pair of vicious-looking Scyther demons walking toward her and Soleil. The two males laugh in throaty voices while talking about something unknown. They pass right by Cassiel and Soleil without even noticing the women's presences, so ordinary do they appear. But even so, Cassiel still trembles visibly, terrified out of her wits.

"D... d... de..."

"It's okay, it's okay." Soleil says, massaging Cassiel's back to calm her down. "They're gone. They didn't even see you. Why don't we go over to the gardens?"

Cassiel numbly follows along with Soleil's suggestion, her mind already a thousand miles away. She disassociates from her body, feeling as if she's become a woman lost at sea, floating atop a plank of wood.

Soleil kindly but forcibly guides Cassiel away from the busy plaza toward a much quieter garden a little ways off the beaten path. As they draw away from the mass of people, Cassiel visibly calms down, and her heartrate returns to normal. She stops shaking and lowers her eyes in shame.

"I'm... I'm sorry... I'm just not... not strong anymore..."

"That's not true." Soleil replies. "You just have to remember your old strength. Raphael says you were once the mightiest Lazarite. The old Cassiel is still in there, you just need to... coax her out! Look, aren't these flowers pretty?"

The two women step into the Golden Garden, the most greenery-filled place in all of Tarus II's core living areas. Soleil gestures to the various patches of red, pink, orange, yellow, and other assorted flowers, making Cassiel smile ever so slightly as she admires their beauty.

The sounds of children laughing elsewhere in the garden don't bother the fallen Lazarite. Her ears prick up for a moment, but she otherwise ignores them.

However, Cassiel does notice the shifting of spiritual energy as she arrives inside the garden. She glances at Soleil questioningly, and the living Construct smiles.

"You felt the change in the air? This is a special zone. It's where the denizens of Jason Hiro's Mind Realm can temporarily assume physical form."

"Jason Hiro." Cassiel repeats. "The Wordsmith."

"That's right. He's this era's Hero. He's also one of your rescuers!" Soleil chirps. "But did you know he's not the only living Hero?"

"There are... two Wordsmiths..." Cassiel says hesitantly.

"Oh. Right. Yes that's true, but I was referring to- well, I'll just show you. Come look over here."

The two women walk arm in arm. Cassiel becomes slightly anxious when she hears the sounds of people's voices drawing nearer, but Soleil stops at the corner of a wall covered in greenery and points toward it.

"Take a peek around that corner. You'll see something interesting, I promise."

Cassiel slowly nods. She cranes her neck to look past the wall's edge, and she spots a hazy, ghost-like man and little girl painting on easels along with a group of visibly more tangible children, all of them painting and chattering to one another.

The Lazarite frowns. "That man... Heroic Aura... and the girl too..."

"That's Sir Lorent and little Shana." Soleil explains. "They're both Heroes who became trapped in their artifacts before the Energy Wars. And now the Wordsmith has made it possible for them to once again walk the mortal plane."

"That's very kind of him..." Cassiel says, while pulling back from the wall. "What sort of... of person is he?"

Soleil shrugs. "Jason's pretty average, honestly. From what Raphael has said, he's nowhere near King Arthur's level, but he has a good heart and wants to unify all the different species to end the constant warring."

"All of them?" Cassiel asks. "Even... even the demons?"

Sensing the tinge of distrust in Cassiel's voice, Soleil shakes her head wryly. "You hate the demons. Deservedly, I might add. Every bit of logic shown to me has proven the demons are mostly irredeemable. Even so, the Wordsmith believes it is possible to forgive old grudges and work together to build a better future."

She pauses.

"...Besides. There are much more dangerous enemies out there in the Void. If the humans and demons don't learn to unite, we'll be crushed by the Plague."

"You've mentioned them before." Cassiel says, nodding. "But... the demons... they're evil. They kill and... and violate others. They don't deserve forgiveness."

"I don't disagree." Soleil replies. "But it's not my decision to make. I am only a construct, after all. I follow the Wordsmith's commands."

"Right..." Cassiel mutters, visibly saddened by her friend's lack of autonomy. "What about this Lorent? He seems familiar to me."

"That isn't surprising." Soleil replies. "He was the Hero who came after Arthur, you know. And he's also Phoebe Hiro's nephew!"

"The Wordsmith's wife?" Cassiel asks, still a bit confused by all the names she hears on a daily basis.

"Yes, her. She also rescued you, you know. You need to work on that memory."

Cassiel blushes. "S-sorry..."

Soleil smiles. "It's no big deal. You'll remember everyone's names and faces before long. More importantly, why don't we go and say hello to those two Heroes? They're quite nice people, you know."

"I don't know..." Cassiel says, hesitating.

"Don't worry. They won't bite!" Soleil laughs, while gently pulling Cassiel toward the group of children.

Cassiel stiffens up as she and Soleil step out into the open. Within two seconds, half a dozen children turn to look at them. Not long after, so does Lorent.

"Hello, you lovely songbirds." Lorent says, smiling at the two newcomers. "Have you come to join in today's painting session?"

The man smiles, but a flicker of questioning zips through his mind as he barely feels a sensation of suppressed holy energy from the two of them. However, unaware of their identities, especially given their disguises, he doesn't put much thought into the feeling.

"I am... Serra." Soleil says. "And this is my sister, Cammy. Don't mind Cammy, she's a little bit shy. I wanted to show her your art, since I've heard so much about you."

"Ah, so it's Lady Serra and Lady Cammy." Lorent says, standing up and bowing politely. "Well, usually only children come to see my shoddy art, but if a pair of beauties wish to do so, that's fine as well. I'm actually just about to finish up a painting of an ancient hero, King Arthur. And if you look over there, just yesterday I finished a painting of Alexander the Great. My goal is to catalogue all the known heroes and create statues of their countenances."

Cassiel follows Lorent's finger to a massive nearby statue of Alexander the Great. Question marks pop up over her head.

"But.. you said... painting... so why... statue?"

Her words come haltingly, but the fact she can manage to force them out when speaking to a male causes Soleil to smile, ever so slyly.

"Ah. That is because I am actually an ancient Hero myself," Lorent explains. "I have the ability to bring paintings to life. If you look at this unfinished work, you can see I've mostly finished the flourishes for King Arthur. I think my aunt will probably enjoy the final product."

He points to the image he's drawn on an easel, which causes Cassiel's eyes to widen in surprise.

"So... lifelike... he looks just like Arthur did..."

Lorent blinks. "Hm? You know what Arthur looked like?"

Soleil quickly butts in. "Oh, Cammy saw a picture of him in a book. She's a bit of a recluse, you see."

"Ah, a book." Lorent nods. "I've gazed upon many a painting of the man in my life. His appearance has been etched into my mind. Above all others, he is the man I admire most."

"I... understand that feeling..." Cassiel says, a tiny smile trailing upon her lips.

She glances at the little girl next to Lorent.

"...?"

Shana notices Cassiel's inquisitive stare.

"Hello. Me Shana! Me make paint!"

She points at the easel in front of her, where a surprisingly lovely image of a forest surrounds a crystal blue lagoon. Shana's artistic abilities especially stand out compared to all the children around her.

"How pretty..." Cassiel says.

Lorent gestures to a bench off to the side. "Why don't you two take a seat? If you'd like, I can procure a pair of easels for you. If you're not confident in your artistic abilities, that's no issue. Everyone starts off rough."

"Sure!" Soleil chirps. "I'd love to paint. How about you, Cammy?"

Cassiel nods. "Well... alright."

The two of them take a seat, and Lorent sends off a pair of teenaged boys to fetch them their easels. When the boys return, they smile dumbly at the two disguised angels.

"You're really cute!" One of the boys says. "Do you have boyfriends?"

Soleil chuckles. "Cammy's a little old for you. And I... well I guess I'm a little... _young_."

The boys blink at her words. "Uhh..."

Even Lorent raises an eyebrow. "What?"

"Just kidding!" Soleil says, quickly correcting herself. "Anyway, we're not interested. But thank you for the easels."

She and Cassiel both sit down, paintbrushes in hand, and stare at their easels. Cassiel appears quite hesitant about what to do, but when she glances at her companion, she blinks in surprise.

"So fast..."

Without hesitation, Soleil begins rapidly painting an image of the garden around them, her movements so swift and mechanical that every person in the surroundings widen their eyes to the size of saucers. Her robotic-like brain and perfect hand-eye coordination allows her to realistically recreate the world with such precision that, for a brief moment, Sir Lorent feels utterly ashamed of his own skills.

"...I am in awe." Lorent says after a few minutes of watching Soleil. "I did not realize I was in the presence of a true master. Your artistic abilities are truly incredible, Lady Serra."

Soleil pauses. She glances around, finally noticing all the agape mouths and eyes affixed to her easel. She awkwardly smiles. "Oh... I, uh... I may have some rudimentary skills... but my imagination is a little bit... lacking..."

"Your imagination?" Lorent asks.

"That's right." Soleil replies. "I can draw anything I've seen, but I don't have much actual creativity inside me."

"Oh I doubt that very much." Lorent says. "All people possess a spark of creativity. You need only search for yours. As an example, what do you suppose a bright pink dragon would look like if it had fairy wings?"

Soleil scrunches up her face. "Well, it would probably-"

"Ah-ah-ah!" Lorent interjects. "Don't tell me. Paint that picture on your easel. Shouldn't take you long."

After briefly pausing to confirm Mordred's Butcher's words, Soleil quietly nods. She begins rapidly drawing out a perfect lifelike recreation of a neon pink dragon exactly to the specification Lorent set. Minutes later, she finishes and turns to him.

"I completed the task. It's not very artistic though."

Lorent chuckles. "Such a self-deprecating young lady. How can you say such a thing? Do you think everyone would draw that dragon in the same way you did? You put your own creative interpretation on it. I certainly couldn't paint an image identical to yours!"

Soleil nods slowly. "I... suppose that's right."

While the Black Hole Construct ponders the meaning of art, Lorent returns to his own work. It doesn't take long before he puts the finishing touches on his painting.

"There we go! King Arthur is all but complete. Now I need only call for my aunt..."

He turns to a little girl sitting beside him and whispers something in her ear. The child grins excitedly and scampers off to send a message to Phoebe, while Lorent takes a break from his painting.

"Mmm! Finally done. That one took me about eight hours to get all the details just the way I wanted. Look at how he holds Excalibur before himself, ready to smite any demon who dares profane the Creator's name. That fierce look in his eyes, that commanding majesty! Indeed, there are no Heroes I consider equal to the Hero-King himself. He was truly one of a kind..."

Shana gazes at the picture of Arthur. "Still empty."

"Still?" Lorent asks, momentarily befuddled. "Well, it is only a painting, little one. I can't make magic happen, you know."

He pauses.

"Well, I mean I _can_, but not in that way."

He turns his attention to Cassiel. "Lady Cammy, you still haven't touched your easel. Are you having trouble thinking of something to draw?"

Cassiel lowers her head. Her face tightens as several painful thoughts constrict her heart.

"I... I shouldn't bother..." She whispers. "I'm no good. There's no point in trying."

"Now, now. That's not true at all." Lorent says, smiling politely. "Look at little Jack here. He's still drawing stick-men after two weeks. Does that make him useless? Of course not. Everyone learns at a different speed. How about this: You tell me what to draw, and I'll draw it for you. Does that sound good? I can even explain what I'm doing as I do it."

"You... will draw... for me?" Cassiel asks, surprised. "I can't take up your... valuable time..."

"It's nothing at all. A trifle." Lorent says. "I sat inside a blank void for what felt like ten eternities. Compared to that, I'd much rather draw for a pretty girl any day of the week."

Mordred's Butcher casually tries to flirt with the shy girl, but when he notices the shifting expressions on her face, he hesitates.

"...Did I say something wrong? I apologize. I did not mean to offend you, Lady Cammy."

Cassiel grits her teeth. She averts her eyes, unable to look at Sir Lorent. "Please don't... don't call me pretty... I don't... like it..."

"She's had some bad experiences with men." Soleil quickly explains, wrapping her arm around Cassiel's back. "It's not your fault, Sir Lorent."

"Oh. I see." Lorent says. "Then, my apologies. I spoke thoughtlessly. Let's change the subject. Lady Cammy, isn't there something you'd like me to draw? Perhaps someone you know? If you have a portrait of them, I wouldn't mind doing so."

Cassiel's eyes flicker. "Someone I know..."

"Yes, that's right." Lorent continues. "A friend, or a companion. I could even paint a picture of you or Lady Serra, if you'd prefer. Any request you have, feel free to make it!"

A tinge of longing stirs in Cassiel's heart.

"There is... someone..."

She pauses for a moment to continue, but right before she can say the next words, a woman speaks up from the distance.

"Nephew! You've finished the painting?"

Cassiel and the others all look to the left, where they see Phoebe Hiro walking over with a big smile on her face, accompanied by none other than Amelia-Annette on her left.

"Let me see!" Phoebe exclaims.

"Of course, auntie." Lorent replies, while grabbing the painting and turning it to face her. "What do you think?"

"Incredible work!" Phoebe gasps. "It's as if I'm looking at the original Arthur, but chiseled out of marble. You even made his expression look as authentic as possible."

"Are you ready for the final step?" Lorent prods. "Watch. I'll transfer the statue into the material realm!"

Everyone perks up to watch as Lorent's semi-ghostly body rises to its feet and he takes the easel in his grasp. He walks over to a nearby clearing, and everyone follows him. 

Amelia stands beside Phoebe, not particularly interested in the magic show, but still watching out of a slight curiosity. She crosses her arms and flicks her eyes around the group, where she spots Cassiel and Soleil.

"Hm?"

Amelia frowns ever so slightly, though for what reason, even she does not know.

She returns her attention to Sir Lorent just in time to see him summoning his heroic power. He yanks the image of King Arthur's statue off the page and projects it into reality, causing a two-ton carved marble image of the Hero-King to materialize in the physical realm.

"Wow! He's so much bigger than I expected!" Phoebe exclaims. "Well done, nephew. Thank you for doing this for me."

"Say no more." Lorent says, walking over to give his aunt a hug. "Anything for my last living family member."

He pauses.

"By the way, these two are Cammy and Serra. Do you know them?"

Phoebe follows Lorent's gesture to the brown and black haired women sitting in front of two easels, but she can't fully remember them.

"So it's Cammy and Serra." Phoebe says politely. "I don't think we've met... but you two do look a little bit familiar..."

After a momentary pause, followed by scrunching up her face, Phoebe shrugs.

"...I see all sorts of people every day. It's hard to remember everyone now that humanity has expanded so much. Anyway, it's nice to meet you two! Let me know if my nephew bullies you. I'll smack some sense into him."

"It's nice... to meet you too..." Cassiel says, her crystalline voice ever so pleasant to everyone's ears.

"Yeah. Uh, it's nice to meet you..." Soleil says in embarrassment, having chatted with Phoebe plenty of times. She doesn't mention the fact they're supposed to be going incognito to protect Cassiel's identity.

Phoebe smiles politely, but quickly turns her attention back to her nephew, not particularly caring about the two 'random' women she doesn't know.

"Lorent, who are you going to paint next? Another Hero?"

"That's right." Lorent says. "I need to create majestic statues for all of them. Well, I suppose I don't _need_ to, but these great figures of humanity's past deserve at least some accolades, don't you think? But I'm not sure who to draw next. Perhaps Solomon, the Knowledge-Seeker? Or maybe Nebuchadnezzar, Humanity's Champion? So many choices..."

Amelia rolls her eyes. "You Heroes are all so full of yourselves. Thinking yourselves epic figures of yore. But you just got lucky and had a spirit fly inside of you. Anyone could have done what Arthur did if they had his powers. Better yet, maybe they wouldn't have killed ten million innocents in a fit of rage."

"Amelia!" Phoebe exclaims. "You don't need to be rude. Arthur was a good man. A great man!"

Lorent's expression darkens. "Camelot's King did indeed... that was a sin for which he never forgave himself. But to imply anyone could accomplish what he did, I think you go too far, Black Queen. Several Heroes squandered their abilities. Others did not."

"And one of those Heroes was Dracula." Amelia snaps back. "Let's not pretend like all Heroes are deserving of some fancy statue. I suppose _some_ of them do deserve one, but they are rarer than the rest."

The crowd of people goes silent. During this brief, awkward interlude, Shana speaks up.

"...Joan."

Amelia's heart skips a beat. "What was that? What did you say?!"

The child ignores the anger in Amelia's voice. "Daddy Lorent. Make statue of Joan. Joan of Arc. She was Hero."

Phoebe glances at Amelia. "Joan of Arc, you say? Ehh... I don't know..."

"Absolutely not!" Amelia snaps. "That... that monster attacked me! She tortured me! I won't allow you to put up a carved image in her likeness! I hate her more than anyone else!"

"But she didn't torture _you._" Phoebe corrects her. "Come on, Annette. You're not Amelia. Remember? Even if you have her memories..."

"I remember every stab, every cut, every laceration, and every holy burn." Amelia says, turning back to Phoebe. "I will not stand for an image of that... that vicious monster! She's evil!"

"No." Lorent says, scowling at Amelia. "She was a true Hero. I lived through those years in Mordred's Court, even after Camelot's fall. I saw secondhand the era when Joan roamed the Earth. She slew countless demons. She was a figure nearly on par with Arthur himself, but her light was snuffed out before it could shine brightest. If she attacked you, it was because of who you are... Black Queen. Assuming you still _want_ to identify yourself as that demoness in human skin."

Amelia's chest rises and falls. "I did many bad things... it's true... but the hunger... I always felt the hunger, and she just... jumped out and attacked me for no reason!"

"I think you and I both know that isn't true." Phoebe says, her voice soft.

A look of shame passes over Amelia's face. She snorts angrily, then turns and stomps away.

"Never mind. Do what you want."

After she storms out of the Golden Gardens, Phoebe shrugs at her nephew. "Sorry, Lorent. That was embarrassing for you to see. Amelia is... she's going through a lot right now."

"I know who she is." Lorent says, calmly. "A false human. Her memories are fake. She is not the Black Queen, not truly. But even so, the Black Queen was a terrible monster. Many people I've met have spoken of their hatred for her in private. She... may yet become a problem."

"Perhaps. I want to believe she can be better, though." Phoebe replies.

The two of them chat for a minute or two, and eventually, Phoebe departs, heading after Amelia.

Lorent sits back down and sighs.

"Alright. It's decided, then. My next statue will be carved in the likeness of Joan- oh!"

He glances to the side.

"Where are my manners! Lady Cammy, I was going to let you pick, and now I've gone ahead and put someone else at the front of the queue. Never mind them, you can still have the first slot. Is there anyone you would like to have me paint?"

He smiles kindly at the brown-haired woman sitting on the bench adjacent to his, while she twists her hair around her finger.

Cassiel gazes at Mordred's Butcher.

"No... I think... I think Joan of Arc... she would be a good choice too."

She smiles.

"Yes. A very... very good choice indeed..."