Part 107: Set In Stone

This time, when I appear before the Archangels, I immediately slump to my ass and cross my legs under me. I sigh heavily. "Ugh. Those last few visions were rough. I might only be an observer to the past, but it feels like I'm really _there_, you know? I want to help, but I can only observe. It sucks."

I raise my eyes to stare at Gabriel on the left, Raphael across from me, and Michael to my right. All three appear deeply troubled.

"I have similar thoughts every time we return," Gabriel mutters. "Solomon's visions have revealed many facets of demon life I was unaware of until today. I am forced to reconsider all of my past actions while asking myself if I made the right choices."

"They have only strengthened my resolve," Michael retorts. "Seeing that demoness attack the Titan women without any hesitation, she enjoyed the sport of murder too much for my tastes. Killing is only enjoyable when one engages in equal combat."

"Oh?" Solomon's voice lilts. He sits on the ground beside me and pats my back, but keeps his eyes on Michael. "Since when did you approach violence with such nuance? I agree with the general sentiment, but your actions contradict your words."

Raphael rests his hands on his knees and leans forward. "Michael cannot be blamed for temporarily breaking his morality when it came to the demonic menace. Aye, my brother tortured the two little ones for decades on end, and he slaughtered demons whenever he came in contact with them, but he held a personal grudge because they murdered his brother. Nerissa had no reason to despise the Titans."

I scoff. "Hercules and Megara attacked the demons! They ambushed them! Seems like plenty of reason to me."

Michael glares at me. He opens his mouth to reply, but Gabriel raises a palm. "Calm thyself, brother. Like it or not, the Hero has a point. Concede so that we may continue."

The Archangel of Courage closes his mouth and looks away in annoyance. I wonder if he's disappointed, or if he simply doesn't like me? It's hard to tell.

I turn my attention to Raphael and switch the topic. "Speaking of Hercules, those Titans were something else. Why did their sizes vary so much? Cronus was well over a hundred feet tall, but Hercules barely hit ten."

Instead of Raphael, it's Solomon who responds. "Titans grew taller over time. The taller a Titan, the older they were. Cronus was hardly the biggest among them, given Earth's gravity presented a limiting factor. A few of his forebearers were mountain and planet-sized."

"What about their powers? How did those work?"

Solomon scrunches up his face. "Mmm. Titan abilities were tied to their emotions, particularly grief and rage. Additionally, Titans grew more powerful over time based on how many battles they engaged in."

"Correct," Raphael replies. "Uzziel created the Titans to escalate their power against the dragons. The more Titans the dragons killed, the hotter the rage of those left behind. The problem lay in that after we defeated Jörmungandr, we had to fight the Titans ourselves. The final war nearly destroyed us. 'Twas fortunate that I managed to end the bloodshed."

"Maybe," I reply. "But their basic nature didn't change. Zeus killed his father. Titans whittled each other down from millions to only tens of thousands. Hell, I'm not even sure how Zeus managed to kill Cronus. If they grew more powerful over time, how could a young Titan defeat his senior?"

Gabriel raises his hand. "Titans were far from invincible. They were flesh and blood, much like us, the demons, and the humans, too. Zeus murdered Cronus in his sleep. 'Twas a shocking revelation. I never expected such a thing might happen in all my years. A Titan with his defenses up was like an unbreakable wall, but when their guard relaxed, they were as vulnerable as anyone else."

"Zeus sounds like a backstabber. What kind of jackass murders his father in his sleep?"

"I won't argue in favor of his morality," Gabriel replies. "I respected Cronus. Knowing that he died without a fair fight made it difficult for me to trust his successor. However, I believe that eventually, Zeus proved himself as best as he could. 'Twas a difficult era for all involved."

Crossing my arms, I look at Raphael. "So, Camael's visions of darkness. Did you three know about them?"

Raphael bows his head. "Nay. To think our sister was hiding such overwhelming fear... she wanted nothing but for us to enjoy what little peace and happiness we had left. I remember that prior to the War in Heaven, our lives were bliss compared to what came after. Tsk. Camael always did keep her feelings close to her chest..."

"I'm continually surprised by how little we knew even about ourselves," Gabriel adds. "Let alone the demons. Seeing the past through the lens of Solomon's Crown has allowed me to reflect without the blurriness of faded memories clouding my mind. Perhaps I was so caught up in my grief over Samael's death that I failed to notice how hard Uzziel took it."

I raise an eyebrow. "What do you mean? She seemed to get over him pretty quickly."

"Nay," Michael replies. "I never knew that Uzziel exploded in rage during her battle against Satan and Lucifer. Our sister never displayed a single negative emotion in all the time we lived together."

"Nor did she fight during the Dragon and Titan Wars," Raphael mutters. "Always the gentle one, Uzziel continually attempted to bring peace between our people and the Dragons, Titans, and Demons. 'Twas her kindness that ended the Titan War, though she was forced to forget the act."

For some reason, Solomon rolls his eyes at Raphael's words. I decide not to ask why.

"She always tried to take the path of pacifism," I say. "And none of you listened to her. Had you done so, the demons might not have spiraled out of control. It was probably Uriel who decided to ambush the demons at that time. Megara's death is mostly on her hands."

"You're correct," Solomon says, confirming my suspicions. "Uriel convinced Hercules and Megara to attack the demons when they spotted them from the skies. Uzziel didn't want to help... but she lacked a backbone when standing up to her brothers and sisters."

Michael licks his lips. "I disagree. Uzziel softened us enough that when the demons attacked, we weren't ready. Her pacifism opened us up to attack from all sides. In many ways, she was a lot like this young Hero: afraid to take a stand for her family, even if her enemies were vile monsters."

"Michael!" Gabriel snaps at his brother. "Speak no ill of the departed."

"I meant no offense. I loved Uzziel as much as thee, brother. However, surely, thou must admit that her unwillingness to fight brought no end to our grief. Her powers were mighty enough that she could have helped us win the War in Heaven had she used her full might."

A moment of silence falls across the group.

Gabriel closes his eyes. When he speaks again, his voice is noticeably lower. 

"Michael. Consider thyself fortunate that thy life had ended by the time of our Final Stand, at the end of the Energy Wars. When Satan and a billion demons flooded into Heaven to exterminate our people... on that day... on that day... Uzziel..."

Gabriel's voice becomes noticeably quieter than before. He forces himself to suppress his emotions.

"I... I lay dying, blood pouring from my chest. As Satan walked toward me, I heard the screams and cries of my brothers and sisters. Satan had already slain Raphael... but not me. He saved me for last."

The air goes still around the campfire.

"Satan chuckled deep in his throat. His final victory was at hand, his revenge complete. He gloated while knowing I was powerless to stop him. With my energy vanishing into the ether, all I could do was gasp for breath as his specter dwarfed me." 

"But then, before he landed the killing blow... I saw _it_. Uzziel's face." 

"The demons ignored Uzziel, instead deciding to kill the others around her. Satan knew she was a pacifist. He knew she wouldn't fight back. He wanted her alive for some sick fantasy."

Gabriel's voice turns to steel.

"That was his _mistake._"

"Uzziel exploded in rage. Millions of years of anguish poured from her body all at once. As the life force ebbed from my soul, I watched as every part of her mind shattered. Our sister broke completely, unable to control the rage, hatred, despair, and suffering she had suppressed for millennia. She slew a million demons within a matter of seconds."

Michael's breathing catches.

"Uzz... Uzziel? She did that? What happened next?"

Gabriel shakes his head. "I know not. I faded away, as my body and soul poured into my ring. I can only imagine she expelled every last drop of her mana. Had it been you or Uriel, I might praise her for such a valiant final stand... but it wasn't. She was our sweet, kind, caring little sister. Her last moments were fraught with misery and despair."

Gabriel opens his eyes. They glisten in the firelight, but he makes no effort to wipe his tears away.

"I am sorry thou dids't witness such horrors," Raphael murmurs. "Had I the ability to go back in time, perhaps I would do things differently. Perhaps I wouldn't. Fate is a tricky mistress. Camael believed that the future was etched in stone. Perhaps she was right."

"Maybe she wasn't," I say. "If fate exists, if destiny is real, then our actions have no bearing on the future. We're predetermined to succeed or fail, and there's nothing we can do to alter the future. I refuse to think like that. Perhaps by looking into the future, Camael doomed the angels to suffer under a self-fulfilling prophecy. By expecting all angels to die, she deemed any actions that might negate that future pointless."

Raphael shakes his head. "I find such a notion unlikely, Jason. Camael never told us about her dire predictions."

"She wouldn't need to. By seeing the future, she might influence others accidentally. Maybe when they came to her for counsel, she might give them advice that would help in the short-term, but hurt in the long-term... when she expected the demons to have won."

Solomon nods. "Jason brings up a good point. Nobody can know what the future holds for certain, but such a concept is well within the realm of plausibility."

Michael leans back on his log. "Bah. This talk of human philosophy is pointless. Who cares if the future is set in stone or not? The angels perished. Demons took over. Nothing can undo that."

"It does matter," I retort. "If you think fate is immovable, then dwelling on the past is pointless. You couldn't have changed anything. Ironic, given that's all you seem to do."

"Jason..." Solomon nudges me, a note of warning in his voice. "Don't get snappy with the Archangels. They have had a lot of solitary time to think about their lives. Whether destiny is real or not, you can hardly blame them for wishing they had done things differently."

Solomon's rebuke gives me pause. He's not wrong. Even if the Archangels are hypocrites, hindsight is 20/20.

I decide to change the topic. 

"If Titans were so powerful that they were able to slay dragons, why was Valac able to kill them effortlessly? He was only a single demon."

Raphael wipes his nose on his sleeve. "Because Valac was a soul manipulator. His scythe didn't kill his victims, but instead ripped the soul from their bodies, empowering himself. The first few Titans fell before they could react, increasing his might substantially. His power snowballed after that, making him almost unstoppable."

"Well, if he was invincible, then how did he die?"

Silence.

Solomon raises his eyes to the sky above. "We're not there yet, Jason. Everything until now has only been building to the midpoint. Valac perished during the War in Heaven, but the manner of his death isn't as important as what came before. If you're willing to listen, I can continue the visions now. It's probably for the best that we move away from these troublesome discussions."

"Aye," Michael says, annoyance in his voice. "Thy constant attacks on my family's morality are driving me to insanity."

...

Compared to my first impression of Michael six years ago, back when he saved me from my paralysis, he has become the most bitter and cynical of all the Archangels. The worst part, though, is that he refuses to change his opinion on anything. He believes the demons are evil, and nobody can convince him otherwise. He refuses to see where he was at fault. He dwells on the past, yet never tries to learn from it.

Michael represents everything wrong with the angels. They're self-aggrandizing, sanctimonious, smug, and far too sure of their righteousness. The Archangels look at their history, and instead of considering they might have been in the wrong, they blame others.

I hate that.

I hate when people can't acknowledge their mistakes. Maybe it's stupid of me to want to appeal to the demons and to try and make peace, but I think genuine stupidity is doing the same thing over and over again while expecting a different result. If repeatedly antagonizing the demons for thousands of years only pissed them off more, then perhaps a sincere diplomatic effort might bear new fruit.

Something touches my shoulder. I turn to my right to see Solomon resting his palm there. He shakes his head. "I can hear your thoughts. Let's not focus on negativity, Jason."

I grunt, remembering that my mind is like an open book to him. 

"Sorry. Let's get on with the next vision."

A long moment passes. Solomon stares at me silently, as if trying to discern some key part of my heart. He eventually breaks his gaze away and motions with his hands to form magic symbols.

"As you wish."

Solomon finishes his incantation. As the world shifts around me, the last thing I see is Gabriel's face. He gazes into the fire, wishing with all his strength that he could save Uzziel's life.

If he could go back in time, there would be only one thing he wanted to change.

We all have something in our pasts we wish we could fix.

Even me.