Part 111: The Unstoppable Archangels

After leaving Satan's limbless body, I next arrive inside a dark room. My senses go numb, making it impossible for me to feel anything. At the same time, dull pain ebbs and flows through me, the result of sore muscles that have ached for a hundred years without anyone bothering to soothe them. 

I hang limply from a wall, but despite how badly I want to shift to get comfortable, I can't.

Everything hurts.

My mouth opens. "Hm... gnn..."

A guttural grunt escapes my lips. My eyes crack open, but I still can't see anything.

Beside me, chains rattle. "Wha...? You... say somethin'... boss?"

The man's voice is weak and fragile. Speaking a single word seems to take the wind out of his sails. 

My host grunts. "Unh... noi... noises... out... side..."

A monumental effort to lift my head ensues. My host gathers his energy for several seconds, willing every muscle in his neck to move. Slowly, he tilts his head up to look away from the ground and across the room. While everything around us is pitch black, a sliver of light, so faint I can barely see it even if I concentrate, washes across the floor.

It comes from the crack underneath a wooden door.

With a start, I suddenly realize where I am.

_Michael's dungeon._

I'm inside Diablo's body.

Diablo stares at the slit for several seconds before his strength gives out. His head flops forward, allowing his chin to rest against his chest.

As the minutes pass, my eyes slowly adjust to the darkness. I begin to make out faint objects illuminated by the doorway's light. A table, covered in blood, with straps at each corner to hold someone immobile. Torture tools, including knives, saws, and meat hooks, lay across a tool bench, ready to be used on Michael's victims. I don't recognize half of the implements... nor do I want to know what purpose they serve.

The doorway's light shifts. Bael and Diablo both stop breathing for several seconds, turning the room deathly silent.

Diablo's thoughts bubble in my mind. _No... please... not again. He already hurt me twice today... I want to die. Someone, end my suffering. Please, Master, no more. No more... no more..._

A tear squeezes from Diablo's eyes. It slides down his face, and he desperately snakes his dry, cracked tongue out to lick it. Even the slightest drop of water is an oasis to the helpless, battered demon.

He fails. The tear drips off his chin and plops to the ground below. Diablo's body sags even further as whatever hope he had left vanishes entirely.

The shadows at the doorway continue to shift. Suddenly, the door flies open. Blinding light radiates inside, making Diablo wince as he tries to close his eyes and block it out. I catch a glimpse of his scarred brown skin, an unhealthy color for a demon. The mottled patches here and there tell tales of torture involving cuts, burns, and possibly even acid.

The figure in the doorway stares at us for several seconds. Diablo presses his eyes shut. _No, please... not again... not again..._

Finally, the newcomer speaks. "Di... Diablo? Bael?"

Her voice, sweet and pure like nectar, tickles Diablo's ears.

Still, he keeps his eyes shut.

_It's a trick. Master is trying to make us react. If we do, he'll cut us for twice as long. I can't listen. Must... must look away._

Footsteps. Several people enter the room.

"Bloody devils," Another woman says. "I... I can't believe it..."

"Help me get them down," The first says. "Diablo? Are you alive? It's me. Lucifer."

Diablo's heartbeat quickens. _It's a trick. A trick! It can't be Lucy. Lucy died! Master said so. Master killed her himself._

Something touches my chest. Diablo's entire body seizes up as every muscle comes alive. He squeezes his eyes shut, waiting for something to stab, prod, or burn him for the Archangel's amusement.

"Easy, easy. I'm here to get you down. Nerissa, he's alive. They both are. Thank the devils."

_Clink. Clink._

Sounds echo above me, where my arms are restrained. Suddenly, the shackles open. I fall off the wall and plummet into the soft, warm body of a woman.

Diablo finally opens his eyes. 

A mouth filled with teeth greets him. Lucifer smiles in possibly her most genuine display of affection. It sends terror through my heart, but joy through Diablo's.

"Lu... Lu... cy...? You... came... for me?"

His voice, hoarse, croaks out, barely audible even as a whisper.

Lucifer's arms wrap around my back. She grunts and hefts me up, pressing me close to her chest. "Tch. Damn. You might be only skin and bones, but you still weigh a lot. Belial, you get Bael. Nerissa, keep watch. I don't know why Michael isn't here, but-"

Diablo's eyes shoot open.

_No! No!! They're here to rescue me? They can't! Master will kill them! He'll hurt Lucy, and Bael, and me too!_

"Leave... me... here!" Diablo puts up the weakest struggle of his life as he forces himself to lift one weary arm. He barely manages to touch Lucifer's side, let alone push her away. "Mas... master... returns... soon..."

Lucifer ignores him. She pivots Diablo around to hoist him onto her back, then wraps his arms around her front and carries him in an uncomfortable piggyback.

"Come on, Belial. What's taking you so long?"

I raise my eyes to the succubus. Belial shakily tries to jam a key into Bael's remaining cuff as he hangs by one arm from the wall. The poor guy is in awful shape. His body, usually fat and disgusting, is withered and thin. I can barely make out the ribs piercing through his flesh in the dim light.

"I... I c-can't get the key to work..." Belial flicks her gaze to the doorway, then back to the shackle. "Oh, devils... come on, come on..."

Lucifer snarls. "Just break the cuff, idiot. It's rusted. You're strong. Must I do everything around here?"

Belial's breath catches. "Right. Break it. Sorry, I... I-I'm not thinking straight. Nnn..."

I've known Belial for years. She hangs out with Phoebe all the time. Never once have I seen such genuine terror on her face. With her tiny little horns and diminutive figure, the succubus appears like a scared little girl in this vision. She's a different person from the Belial I know now.

Belial reaches up and pinches the cuffs. They shatter in her grasp and fall apart. Bael falls forward, and the succubus catches him effortlessly. 

Bael appears to be a bit more lucid than Diablo. "Ugh... sugar-tits... long time... no see, eh? Took you... took you long enough."

"Sh-shut up," Belial whispers. She extends her right arm, loops it around Bael's waist, and hefts the tall demon at her side. "C-come on. We need to get out of here. Now."

"No shit," Lucifer mutters. "Nerissa. Take the lead."

Nerissa nods. She appears relatively confident, as does Lucifer. Both of them seem unconcerned about Michael's return, but Belial looks like she could shit her pants at any moment.

Bael sighs contentedly as the succubus holds him against her thigh. "Haah... feels good... to be off that wall. If I could just... lift m'damn arm... I'd cop a nice feel..."

Nerissa glares at him. "Maybe we should leave this moron hanging-"

"Quiet," Lucifer snaps, cutting her off. "Keep those thoughts to yourself."

"Whatever."

Nerissa quickly shimmies over to the doorway. Lucifer tails her, while Belial and Bael stay to the rear.

"Clear," Nerissa whispers as she peers into the blinding light.

Outside, the distant sounds of screams, roars, and metal clanking against metal reaches my ears. The prison isn't as far from Elderium as Raphael and Uzziel implied.

The three of us step into the open, ducking low to stay close to the ground. A field of tall flowers obscures us somewhat from the vision of the battlefield combatants.

Belial whimpers in the rear. "Oh... oh no... how are we going to make it to the portal? Look at all those Cherubs! There are so many of them!"

"Quit your whining," Lucifer mutters. "Aren't you supposed to be strong? You can handle a few cherubs one-handed, no problem."

"Y-yeah, but... I'm a lover... not... not a fighter..."

Lucifer winces. One of the demon grunts gets hurled into the sky thanks to some incredibly strong cherub. The demon screams in terror as he hurtles toward the ground, landing on his back with a sickening _crunch_.

"There won't _be_ anyone for you to love if we don't make it out of here alive. Now, focus, and start thinking of ways to-"

Lucifer freezes mid-sentence. "Impossible!" She dives to the side as a blur of motion smashes into the ground where she stood only a moment before. I go flying as the demoness releases me, sending me sprawling onto my spine. The pain is no worse than what's already wracking my body.

My eyes take a moment to adjust before I recognize the newcomer.

Michael.

---

[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkKfM4lqBfM)

The Archangel, his sword stabbed into the ground, stares at us silently. The gem in the sword's hilt glows blue, seeming to pound in tandem to each beat of my heart.

Michael stares coldly at Lucifer as he pulls his blade from the dirt. "How spry thou art, demoness."

Nerissa spins on her heel and hops backward to put distance between herself and the Archangel. Her confidence vanishes. She must have thought we were in the clear.

Belial shrinks back, inching toward the field of flowers to make herself a smaller target.

Michael ignores the two succubi. He focuses his attention on Lucifer.

"I suppose thou art the leader here."

Lucifer tenses up. She takes a defensive stance, waiting for him to strike. "Sharp eyes, little chicken."

Michael narrows his gaze. "I'll put an end to thy insults, wench."

He vanishes.

The Archangel of Courage's movement is far too fast for me to follow. He appears right in front of Lucifer with his sword in mid-swing, aimed at her neck.

Lucifer jerks her body backward, allowing the sword to pass over her by mere inches. Michael chops off several hairs, sending them blowing into the wind.

What follows next is an impossibly fast sequence of events. Michael slashes, chops, and cuts Lucifer. She tries to dodge, but falls short as the Archangel cuts her skin to ribbons.

The tip of Michael's sword glances across the demoness time and time again, dicing her leathery clothing apart, gashing shallow wounds into her flesh, and poking at her weak points.

Lucifer sprawls to the ground. The Archangel moves to stand atop her, dominating the demoness with his shadow. 

"Oh. It's already over," Michael says, his voice emotionless. 

Lucifer's breaths come in shallow gasps. Her confidence shattered, the demoness stares up at the Archangel with a mixture of awe, disgust, and fear.

_I didn't know he was this fast,_ her eyes say. _I couldn't dodge or block anything. I've never seen someone move like that in all my life._

"Get away from her!" Nerissa shouts. The succubus summons two blades of ice in each hand and launches herself at the Archangel.

Michael lightly tosses his blade from his right hand to his left and begins deflecting all of Nerissa's clumsy slashes like an adult poking at a toddler with a stick.

Nerissa screams a bloody warcry as she swings at Michael, battering and bashing her ice-swords against his. The succubus hops backward and launches ice projectiles at him, but he bats them away effortlessly.

Never once does Michael take his eyes off Lucifer's.

"Aaah!" Nerissa screams. I miss what happened. She stumbles back; a hundred bloody gashes carved out across her face, chest, arms, and legs. Her pure white tattoos run red with blood.

"Pitiful," Michael murmurs, as he gazes at the unmoving demoness below him. "I defeated both of thee in seconds, while that other one is too frightened to move a muscle. Thy goal was to take _my_ prisoners... but ye haven't the strength to succeed. In the end, all thou hath accomplished is giving me three new toys to play with."

"T... toys..." Lucifer echoes.

"That's right."

More screams in the distance sound off as angels and demons collide. Nobody moves a muscle. The rescue plans fall apart in an instant as Lucifer and her comrades face off against the unyielding warrior.

_Nobody can beat Master,_ Diablo thinks to himself. _It's impossible. But... now, Lucy can be with Master and me. It's... it's all okay. The light hurts my eyes. I don't... I never wanted to leave. I don't want Master to hate me..._

"B-Bastard!" Belial drops Bael unceremoniously, plopping the tall, skinny demon on his face. Her eyes illuminate with fire as her protective instincts take over. "Nobody hurts my sister!!"

Each of Belial's fingers transform into tiny knives as she pounces at the Archangel's backside.

Michael flicks his gaze away from the four-breasted demoness beneath him. "Oh? Maybe that one does have a little fight in her."

Belial ducks, dodging Michael's instant strike before I can see it coming. By the time his sword reverses direction, she manages to deflect it with her knife-like hands, batting the blade away from her neck. It misses by inches.

While the fight with Lucifer may have finished within five seconds, Belial's speed greatly surpasses the triple-eyed demoness. She moves with precision, allowing instincts to take over as she dodges would-be lethal strikes from her opponent.

However, despite Belial's superior combat prowess compared to her sister and Lucifer, she's no match for Michael.

Michael stares at her with a blank expression as they trade blows. Not a trace of joy or fear passes over his face.

"Thou dost lack spirit and vitality, demoness. Perhaps, given a thousand years, thy combat potential might come within a mile of mine... but today, thou art a petulant child, unable to contain her emotions."

Belial grits her teeth. She swings her claws at the Archangel, but he easily dodges the attack.

_Shik._

With her flank exposed, Belial doesn't see Michael's counter-attack incoming. He races up to the succubus and plunges his sword through her stomach, then rushes forward, slamming her against a nearby boulder.

"Aaaaaiiee!"

Belial lets out a pitiful shriek of pain. Michael responds with a backhanded fist to her face, knocking the daylights out of her.

After a moment, Michael grabs the succubus by her throat, yanks his sword from her gut, and casually tosses her aside.

"One hundred years of planning, and these females are all the bloodskins could muster. I'm... disappointed."

Michael sweeps his gaze across the three defeated women. Each of them shivers as he looks upon them, only to shudder in relief when he turns away.

"W... we... can still... fight..."

Nerissa pulls herself to her feet. Despite blood covering every inch of her exposed, naked body, she shakily raises a hand to summon another blade of ice. With Michael having chopped off the few bits of cloth she used to cover herself, she seems so weak and pitiful that I want to laugh. Indeed, Michael does.

"Huhu..." Michael shakes his head. "I thought I shattered thy fighting spirit, but it seems thy sister's blood has restored some of thy willpower. Amusing. Her pain might seem unbearable now, but after I finish-"

"CANNONBALL!" 

A single shouted word interrupts Michael. He turns to the side as a mass of green rushes him. Agares, now in his lizard form, slams against the Archangel's back with his full body mass. He wraps around Michael, digging his claws deep into the Archangel's chest.

"Gah! By the Creator-! Ye damned...!!"

Michael rolls around, trying to shake the green-skinned demon off, but he fails. Agares chomps onto Michael's shoulder with his snake-like fangs, sending poison deep into Michael's arteries.

Lucifer quickly hops to her feet, only to wince in pain. "Tch... to be rescued by a male... bah! Many thanks, Agares! Now, hold him still. Nerissa! Heal your sister!"

Nerissa nods. "On it!"

While she rushes over to cauterize Belial's wounds, Lucifer gently touches the slash-marks covering her body before quickly forming several magic seals. Her third eye begins to glow. "Time to take a nap, _Archangel._ After I'm done with you, the others won't be able to put you back together again."

"Cowards!" Michael's thrashing grows noticeably weaker as Agares' poison seeps into his body. "Attacking from behind... always... the mark of... vermin..."

Lucifer's eye glows, turning a fiery red.

Right as she aims to unleash some devastating attack on the Archangel, a blur of motion from the sky forces her to cancel. She dives to the side as an angel rushes at her from above, slashing at her with a blade made from pure Holy Energy.

An armored cherub, small in stature, but wearing silver and gold platemail from head to toe, points his glowing sword at her. The silent specter immediately reminds me of Barbatos. His helmet fully obscures his face, save for a few narrow slits for his eyes.

"A cherub? Bah! Pathetic! Enjoy a quick death, you little rat!"

Lucifer's third eye glows. The instant she fires a laser at the warrior, he motions with his left hand, forming a tower shield of Holy Energy in his grasp. He ducks and deflects Lucifer's attack, reflecting the superheated beam into the sky.

The demoness continues firing, aiming for the cherub's arms and legs. Never once does Michael's armored savior speak a word, or even so much as grunt. Silently, he hops, dodges, and rolls to the side, easily evading her attacks.

Gasping for breath, Lucifer pauses her assault. Given the damage Michael dealt to Lucifer already, and her rapid use of her mana reserves, she must be low on energy. Indeed, the cherub seizes his chance and rushes at her, clearing the fifty-foot gap in an instant. He holds up his Holy Shield and slams against her like a wrecking ball, smashing the demoness backward until she crashes into a tree.

"Ahh!" Lucifer gasps and flails for a moment before going limp against the cherub's shield.

"Lu... cy..." Diablo gasps out her name. His eyes bulge as the cherub pulls away, leaving the demoness to collapse, exhausted, the majority of her bones broken.

Lucifer falls unconscious. However, in her stead, the two succubi rise to their feet. Belial, having healed both herself and her sister, takes a defensive posture.

"This... this guy is trouble," Belial whispers to Nerissa. "First, Michael, and now a cherub. Don't underestimate him. He seems strong."

Nerissa glances at Lucifer's unconscious form. "Don't worry. I won't. How are we going to beat him?"

"We have to work together. Like we practiced. No more solo attacks. Got it?"

"Right."

The cherub warrior slowly approaches them, keeping his distance. He cautiously evaluates his new opponents, perhaps sensing that they might be more trouble than his former adversary.

"Hey! You! Angel!" Agares yells out, startling the cherub. He flicks his gaze toward the lizard. "Give up, or Michael gets it! I've poisoned him! If you hurt one more hair on any demon's head, I'll rip his throat out!"

Michael lays unmoving in Agares grasp. Despite the young reptile's confidence, Michael doesn't appear as weak to me as he should. His eyes, alert as ever, jump from the succubi to the cherub. Evaluating the situation, assessing his options, and waiting for the time to strike.

As Agares yells out and releases his fangs from Michael's shoulder, the Archangel seizes his opportunity. He swings his elbow back with terrific force, bashing Agares' face with a blow so stunning that a shockwave rips through the air. Agares goes flying. His tail and claws lose their grip on Michael's chest as momentary disorientation hits him. He tumbles and twists for thirty feet before coming to a stop in the middle of a patch of flowers.

"Aaaooo..."

Michael quickly rises, only to stumble forward and cough up bloody mucus. He blinks, and his eyes droop. "Nnn... curses... damned toxin..."

The Archangel rubs his affected shoulder and winces. "I... I won't... be much use. C-Catherine. Catherine!" He yells at the armored cherub and falls to his knees. "Don't hold back. Give it... give them your... your..."

Michael's eyes close. He flops forward and falls on his face. Dead? Unconscious? I can't tell.

Only a minute has passed since Michael first arrived. Already, time is a blur. Everything happens so quickly it's hard for me to follow. Nevertheless, the final battle appears to be between two succubi and a single cherub.

Catherine.

_Catherine._

Is the angel warrior a woman?

I wouldn't know it by looking at her. Despite her short height, her armor seems as masculine as any of the men I've seen. I can't make out her face or hair or anything else underneath, and her fighting style isn't especially feminine either.

Catherine.

I've heard that name before.

I can't recall where or when.

Catherine raises her shield as Belial and Nerissa charge. Belial tosses her sister into the sky, allowing Nerissa to fire a barrage of ice-shards at the angel below. Catherine swings her sword and bats them aside, imitating Michael's deflections not long before.

Belial stretches toward Catherine, turning one arm into a Scyther-style blade. She lunges for the cherub, but Catherine deflects with her shield, dives to a roll beneath Belial, and kicks upward. Her attack flings the succubus forward. Belial yelps in surprise, but rights herself with her stretchy limbs and lands on her palms and feet like a tigress.

Catherine hops backward, toward me. She flicks her head toward Michael, quickly checking his condition before returning her attention to the succubi.

Nerissa lands beside Belial and spins to face the cherub. "Sister. We don't have time to spare. Reinforcements will arrive soon."

"I... I know. If the cherub would take Michael and leave, we could all go in peace. For some people, violence is the only language they speak."

Agares, having recovered from Michael's stunning blow, clambers to his feet. He shakes his disorientation off and leaps behind the cherub, readying to attack her from the rear.

Catherine glances back at him. I can't see her eyes, but her body language suggests a tinge of doubt. _I can't fight three opponents at once. They have me pinned._

She appears competent, and very adept at the art of battle. However, even with two badly injured opponents and only one relatively healthy one, her fighting potential is far below Michael's.

Sensing Catherine's hesitation, Nerissa charges. She rushes at the cherub and summons a massive warhammer of ice. With a single motion, she swings its face toward the angel. Catherine rolls to the side, allowing the weapon to pound the grass flat.

The moment the hammer hits, it explodes.

Shards of ice erupt in every direction. The cherub barely manages to raise her shield in time to deflect the attack. As soon as she does, Agares pounces at her exposed back. "Hoho! Chance!"

"Not so fast, demons!" 

From the sky, a male cries out. I look up in time to see a beam of Holy Energy blast at Agares. The lizard's tail stabs into the ground mid-jump and yanks him backward, barely allowing him to avoid one of Gabriel's deadly attacks. Gabriel's Holy Beam explodes just behind Catherine, saving her from what would likely have been a lethal blow.

Belial stretches her arm out and grabs Nerissa, yanking her sister out of the way as Camael, the Archangel of Divination, joins the fray. Camael's slams her enchanted hammer into where the ice-succubus was standing only a second before.

The demons might have defeated Catherine, had she been their only opponent. However, with two Archangels on the scene, the fire dies in their eyes.

Nerissa retreats a few steps, falling into place beside Belial. Gabriel swoops down and pulls Catherine to her feet. "Art thou unhurt, sister?"

Catherine nods.

"Excellent," Gabriel continues. "My apologies, but a few stragglers slowed us down on the way here."

Catherine never says a word. She raises her sword and shield and turns to face Agares.

"No, Catherine," Gabriel says, touching her shoulder. "Tend to Michael. His wounds look to be quite severe. Camael and I will handle these _vultures._"

The Archangel of Power shields Catherine with his body, using his fourteen-foot height to form a wall of flesh between her and Agares. She rushes to Michael's side and cautiously hoists one of his arms around her shoulder, then flies away, taking the enfeebled Archangel with her.

Gabriel glares at the green-skinned demon. "Thy face is familiar to me, Scaled One. Have we met?"

Agares' eyes climb the Archangel's mountain of a body. "Eh. Yes. We fought the, err, last time I visited Heaven."

"I see. And that means that thou were, in part, responsible for Samael's death."

Agares swallows. "Uhm... _no?_"

"I don't like liars," Gabriel murmurs. "Not one bit."

The Archangel of Power stretches to his full height and towers over the diminutive six-foot-tall reptilian. With a flourish of his hands, he summons a ten-foot-long greatsword, dwarfing any weapon I've seen in my entire life.

"Thou shalt pay for turning my brother against me, little one."

Gabriel attacks. Agares smashes his feet into the ground and dives backward, barely avoiding the Archangel's two-handed strike. His blade tears into the dirt and rips up the soil, spraying it in a cone toward me. Diablo flinches as a small mountain of debris flies at us, covering us in rocks, grass, and worms.

I open my eyes and watch as Gabriel charges the reptile. His massive body pulverizes the ground beneath him, leaving huge footprints everywhere he stomps. Agares frantically dodges every swing, but Gabriel attacks much faster than his size implies should be possible. Every time his two-handed sword impacts a boulder, a tree, or anything else in its way, it shatters the object into a hail of materials scattering halfway across Heaven.

While Gabriel and Agares battle, Camael stands silently, facing her succubus opponents. She evaluates them for several moments, but they keep their distance, waiting for her to attack.

Camael licks her lips. "I have foreseen a great many things."

Belial shoots a nervous glance at Nerissa, then returns to Camael. "Archangel. I do not wish to fight. I only want to save our brothers. This might mean little to you, but I've never killed an angel. Can't we put down our weapons and issue a ceasefire?"

Camael's gaze hardens.

"I'm afraid not. I, too, would prefer to cease hostilities. However, such a prospect is not on the table for either of us."

"Why not?! Please! If we could only stop and talk, we might be able-"

"Nay." Camael squeezes her enchanted hammer tighter. "I knew thou woulds't attack us, today. I foresaw our battle in my dreams. I knew Satan was a liar and that he would betray his word, but still... _still_, I hoped the path of fate might change. I am an agent of the Creator. I do not choose where the river of destiny leads me. I merely follow its flow. Whenever I try to change His will, tragedy occurs. Therefore... as He demanded in my dreams... thou shalt perish here, along with the rest of thy brethren!"

Camael's words are confident, ripe with conviction. Nevertheless, she hesitates, if only for a moment, and a thought occurs to me as she raises her hammer to attack.

The Archangel of Divination is lying.

If Camael's thoughts from her vision were accurate, then she believes the angels can't defeat the demons. She's foreseen her enemies taking over the world and eventually slaughtering all of angelkind. To think her people would claim victory today is blind ignorance, or, more likely, a bald-faced lie.

Shaking her misgivings away, the Archangel of Divination flaps her wings. The movement allows her to rush at the succubi from a standstill, startling them as she swings Mjölnir at Belial.

Belial tries to dodge. She dives toward Camael's legs, but Mjölnir strikes her pelvis and sends the succubus flying. Belial spins and careens to the side, then skids to a stop twenty feet away. She opens her mouth to scream, but with all the wind knocked out of her, she can't. Her hip bends unnaturally, shattered from the hammer's impact.

Camael tries to crush the other succubus next, but Nerissa keeps her cool. She summons a wall of frost, blocking Mjölnir before it can strike her. The hammer pounds her makeshift defense with incredible force, but it slows enough for the bloodied succubus to summon an ice spear. She stabs it at Camael, forcing the Archangel to release her hammer and leap backward. Camael's wings stabilize her retreat, allowing her to put more distance between herself and her pursuer.

Nerissa presses her advantage. With one hand, she spins the partisan over her head, hopping around and stabbing it at the Archangel, while her other hand shoots frost shards at Camael.

As if Camael can see the attacks coming before they happen, she narrowly avoids Nerissa's ice, allowing some shards to strike her armor while others _whiff_ past her exposed head.

The Archangel never wastes any energy. Instead, like a practiced martial artist, she absorbs her opponent's attacks and redirects them harmlessly, taking a defensive stance for much of Nerissa's onslaught until the very end, where she suddenly lunges forward and slams her armored palm against the succubi's chest. Nerissa flings backward, flopping and spinning across the ground. She drops her spear at some point and lands near her sister, both of them gasping for breath.

Camael holds up her hand. Mjölnir, stuck in Nerissa's ice-wall, trembles for a moment before leaping out and rushing to the Archangel's outstretched palm.

Meanwhile, Gabriel continues destroying everything in sight as he calmly swings his greatsword from left to right. Trees fall. Boulders cleave in half. Sweat pours from the reptile's body as he desperately tries to avoid Gabriel's attacks.

"Stand still. I would prefer for thy death to be quick," Gabriel says. "I do not enjoy causing others to suffer needlessly."

Agares backflips off a tree as it falls to Gabriel's blade. He spins in midair and lashes his tongue out, wrapping it around a large rock. The moment he hits the ground, the reptile flings his makeshift weapon at Gabriel's chest. The Archangel doesn't even bother with blocking the attack. The small boulder crashes against a force-field surrounding his body and explodes into pebbles.

"Gah! You're not playing fair, chicken!" Agares jumps again, narrowly avoiding another slash from Gabriel's greatsword. "No armor, but you're impossible to hurt! Why don't you pick on someone your own size?!"

A faint smile crosses Gabriel's face. "Amusing. I've slain many Titans in my time. That's what Raphael says. I do not remember their deaths, of course, but trust me, little one. I have fought plenty of beings who were 'my size.'"

As I watch the battles unfold, Diablo shivers.

_Welp... this is it, then. Lucy's down. Everyone's knocked out. The Archangels are here. Master will torture us for all eternity. We deserve it. We never stood a chance... and now we're all going to die slow, horrible deaths._

Diablo's eyes wander over to Bael's face-down ass-up form. The starved husk of a demon lies in the grass, too weak to even flop to his side.

_Now I only have to wait for the inevitable,_ Diablo thinks, closing his eyes.

"Eee!" A voice cries out from above. Diablo opens his eyes again to see a ghastly-looking Cherub, one arm torn off and blood streaming from it. The angel, an unarmored man with a badly broken wing, flops into the grass ungracefully.

He lands only a few feet away from Gabriel. The Archangel of Power glances at him. "Shepherd? What's wrong?"

"I-i-it's horrible! Brother, w-we need thy help!" The man grips his bloody stump and grits his teeth, flopping on his back to gaze at Gabriel in horror. "A demon just appeared! It's... it's Valac!"

Gabriel's calm demeanor vanishes. "What?! Valac? The same one who-?"

"Yes!! Him!" Shepherd gasps for breath. "He wiped out an entire platoon of Acolytes! A thousand cherubs perished to his scythe! I c-came as quickly as I could! Raphael needs thy help! He's facing the monster alone!"

"Raphael. No." Gabriel's face turns ashen. He barely spares a glance at Agares. All concern about the reptile vanishes as he unsummons his greatsword. Gabriel whirls to face Camael. "Sister! Forget the small fry! We need to-"

Gabriel stops mid-sentence. Camael stares at him in horror, having already heard Shepherd's news. "Im... impossible. I foresaw all of today's events. Valac didn't... he never appeared in my visions... how could he bypass Fate itself?!"

"I know not, sister. Come, we must save Raphael. Battling Satan will have likely drained his strength. If he falls, then Heaven will be lost forever! We can't leave him to the wolves."

"A-aye." Camael swallows. She flies over to Shepherd's side and quickly pulls him up. "Come, brother. Let me assist thee. Despite our rush, leaving thee with these demons is a death sentence."

"Thou art taking me to... to the Reaper?!" Shepherd pulls away. "No! No! I don't want to go! He'll kill me! He'll kill us all!"

"Calm thy nerves," Camael says, as her face twists into anger. "I'll drop thee off somewhere safe. I won't let more of my family perish to that abomination."

The Archangels ignore our defeated troupe. They flap their wings and take off, leaving all of the battered and beaten demons behind.

Agares gapes at them.

"Satan... he and the old man left. They vanished to fight alone. If Raphael returned, then that means..."

The reptile bows his head. A look of disbelief washes across his face.

"The boss... he's dead? No. He can't be! I fought beside him. He's strong! He must've... must've..."

Agares trails off. After a moment, he demorphs from his reptilian form and sags to his knees. Shaking away his disorientation, he glances at me, then all the others nearby.

"Devil-dammit. Now I've gotta save everyone here all by myself. Beats being dead, I guess."

He stands and walks over to me. 

"Alright, Deebs. Get up. Satan sent us here to save you and Bael, and that's what I'm gonna do. C'mon, now."

Agares grabs my boney form and walks over to the succubi, Bael, and Lucifer. Belial whimpers and clutches her hip, unable to move, but Nerissa manages to flop to her back.

"Nerissa. I need your help. I can't lug everyone by myself. Can you stand?"

Nerissa clutches her chest for several moments. Crusty blood covers her whole body, blending in with her red skin while giving her a splotchy, disfigured appearance. The nude succubus finally pulls herself together and stands.

"Y-yes. Just... give me a moment. I think... that bitch broke some of my ribs."

Agares grunts. "We don't have time. Make me something so I can lug everyone around. Neither Michael nor Gabriel managed to hurt me too badly. I can save everyone, but only if I have something to carry them on."

Nerissa nods. After a moment, she aims her palm at the ground. Her ice shoots out and creates a sled with enough room for everyone. She piles some dirt and grass on top so the others won't freeze, then helps Agares heft Belial, Bael, Lucifer, and me on it.

"I'll walk," Nerissa says. She forces a smile. "Don't expect me to fight, though. I don't have anything left."

Agares nods. He marches ahead of the sled, grabs a branch, and uses it as a makeshift handle to pull us along.

"Hey," Agares whispers to her as they begin plodding toward the exit portal. "Did you hear what the Archangels said about Valac? Think he came to save us?"

Nerissa takes a few moments to reply.

"No. We're the last thing on Valac's mind. If he came here today, it wasn't for our sake, but for his."