Part 375: Lorent's Golden Garden

_Tarus II, near the city center._

Just a short walk to the south-west of the Lazarus Tower, one of the Fortress of Retribution's most popular resting spots provides a relaxing environment where any person who wishes can come and sit, easing their mind and letting them take a load off after a hard day of work. This place is a huge, open park known as the Golden Garden, where thousands of beautiful and exotic plants collected from thirty-plus paradise-class planets have been planted and maintained by the people in charge of it.

Benches sit scattered, to and fro, amidst more than ten carefully cultivated walking paths made of soft and loosely compacted dirt. In some spots within the city's largest park, flowers are arranged to form rainbows of color, while in others the colors are deliberately placed to create chaotic and random arrangements.

In addition, seemingly ancient and long-lived trees with pink and yellow flowers dot the perimeter, forming a natural enclosure that cuts off the sound of the city by reflecting any noises outside the garden. Dedicated sprinkler systems provide the trees and flowers and other assorted plants with the water and nutrients they need, while a hundred groundskeepers trim and maintain the plants.

While the Golden Garden might appear ancient, in truth, it isn't even a week old. Thanks to the Wordsmith's magic, the trees and flowers have been rapidly and artificially aged to create the park, which would have otherwise required a hundred years of careful planting and cultivation.

However, once they've already been formed, maintaining them takes considerably less effort.

The head of the Golden Garden turns out to be none other than Sir Lorent, Phoebe Hiro's nephew. Despite technically being only a spiritual life-form, thanks to specially created soul-enhancer devices that enable him to take a solid form, he and Shana, and even Fiona can enter and exit the Golden Garden, becoming fully corporeal and capable of interacting with solid matter. It's only when they exit the park that their bodies return to incorporeality, making them act like ghosts that can pass through walls.

On this particular day, Sir Lorent Berthold and Shana, having becoming close over the past month or two, sit together in the park with a pair of easels before them. Since their daily tasks have already been completed, neither of them needs to do any work for the rest of the day, and as such, they don't have much to do.

The southern section of the park is a very special place where many works of art now sit, some of them depicting battles of the Arthurian Era, while others look like doodles made by children. In fact, they _are_ doodles made by children, with Shana being just one of the kids hanging out with Mordred's Butcher while he works.

Not only does Shana sit beside him, but half a dozen other kids, all of them with their own paintbrushes and easels. They watch Lorent's hands with gasps of ooh's and ahh's, laughing when he splashes paint on their noses or adds images of butterflies and birds to his scenic vistas.

"Mister Lorent! I finished!" Says a young boy nearby, just seven years old. He quickly pulls his painting off the easel and holds it in his arms proudly. While the image is a relatively simple drawing of stick-men and a house, Lorent doesn't stint on his praise.

"Very good, Will." Lorent says, pointing at the top of the painting. "Your clouds look better than ever! The way you mixed the blue and white truly makes them appear vivid and lifelike!"

"Thanks!" Will says, a cheesy grin on his face. "I'll draw them better-er next time!"

Sir Lorent smiles kindly. In his heart, a faint sense of satisfaction swells with pride.

_This is the life I've always wanted to live. Compared to following Mordred's orders or suffering silently within that white void for an eternity... this life truly does feel like bliss._

After a moment of contemplation, Lorent returns to his painting. Before him sits an incredibly realistic depiction of Alexander the Great, a Hero Lorent has always admired. Drawn in a statue-like pose, Lorent vividly depicts Alexander's heterochromatic eyes, with one being blue, and the other yellow. Alexander stabs his sword at the sky, and his mouth hangs open, as if shouting a fearful warcry to intimidate his enemies.

On Lorent's left, Shana draws a beautiful garden not unlike the Golden Garden she currently sits in. Despite looking and acting like a child, lacking any sort of adult vocabulary, Shana's true intelligence is actually quite high. Having been locked in her artifact for 100,000 years, she was never able to grow up and mature, socially, but her mind is neither empty nor devoid of thought. Within an astoundingly short period of time, she has already become quite adept at drawing her thoughts out with images, if not words.

"What a beautiful garden." Lorent comments, patting Shana's head. "Those roses are so pretty, I feel as if they will soon jump out of the painting and start swaying in the breeze."

"Me paint like daddy!" Shana says, smiling at Lorent. "Daddy good painter!"

Seeing her heartfelt gaze of admiration, a pang of emotion tugs at Lorent's sensibilities. He squeezes her shoulder affectionately.

"And what a good little daughter I have."

The two of them have spent large amounts of time together, and as such, not long ago, they informally started referring to one another as father and daughter. For Lorent, whose family have long, long ago perished to the annals of time, Shana is just about the closest he might ever have to a child. And considering their shared history of isolation within their artifacts, they can truly relate to each other on an emotional level. As for Shana, she was an orphan from birth, and as such, never knew the love of a mother or father.

Shana leans her head against Lorent's side while continuing to paint, and as for Lorent, he keeps his hand on her shoulder, using his other free hand to paint.

Time passes. Some of the kids finish their painting and leave, while others get called away by their parents. Even when some of the children leave, others come to take their place. The Golden Gardens can't be called the most popular place for kids to play, but among humanity's members, there really aren't that many children still alive. Those who do exist were the few lucky survivors of Stormbringer, those who escaped and later returned on the Covenant ships, and perhaps half a million rescued from the Seven Hells during Jason's teleportation incident.

In total, of the sixty-something million humans in the galaxy, perhaps only two or three million of them are children.

But once the time comes to revive the fallen through the Lazarus Tower, those numbers will inflate substantially.

Just as Lorent is about to finish his painting of Alexander the Great's statue, a figure approaches him, catching his attention.

"Ah, Aunt Phoebe!" Lorent says, a smile spreading across his face. "How good to see you."

"Hi Fee-bee!" Shana says, not adding anything else, but waving cutely at her.

Phoebe Hiro walks toward Lorent, but doesn't say anything. She sits down on a bench across from him and sighs.

"Ohh..."

Lorent frowns. He pulls his hand away from Shana, sets the easel aside, and takes a more careful look at his aunt.

"Are you alright?" Lorent asks, noticing her somewhat pale expression. 

Phoebe rests her face in her hands and rocks from side to side. "I... feel a bit nauseous."

"Hmm. You've been working yourself too hard, auntie." Lorent says, walking over to sit beside her. He gently rubs Phoebe's back. "Why don't I help you to the hospital? Samantha can check you out."

Phoebe groans. "No. That's not... necessary. You won't be able to help me once we leave the garden, anyway. I have a splitting headache. I just need to sit for a bit and collect myself."

"Hmm... alright, then." Lorent says. He turns to one of the boys near him. "William, go and fetch Miss Doris. Tell her Phoebe needs help getting to the hospital."

"Okay!" Says the little boy.

William runs off to fetch one of the groundskeepers, while Lorent keeps his aunt company.

"You should take the rest of the day off." Lorent says. "I know you're in a rush to build houses and homes not only for the people on Tarus II, but also those from the Lazarus Tower. Even so, if you faint from exhaustion, you'll cause quite a fright. Don't make me tattle on you to the Wordsmith."

"Jason's a big softy." Phoebe says, laughing wryly. "Haha... he'll melt like putty if I stand my ground."

"I'm sure he will." Lorent concludes.

A few minutes later, Doris shows up and helps Phoebe to her feet. The two of them leave the Golden Garden, while Lorent remains behind.

"She'll be fine..." Lorent says, more to ease his own tension than to allay anyone else's concerns.

Lorent returns to his painting. Not long after, he finishes the depiction of Alexander the Great, then picks up the painting and walks over to a designated empty space a few hundred feet away, right in the middle of a smattering of flowers and vines.

"Look, look!" The kids exclaim. "Lorent's gonna do it again! He's gonna do it!"

Lorent holds up the painting. He frowns deeply, concentrates his mind, and begins to focus his magical energy onto the painting held firmly in his hands.

_Weng!_

The painting hums and shivers, like a dog excited to snap up a treat. It glows with power, and Alexander's statue becomes blurry and indistinct.

Moments later...

_Whoomph!_

The paper becomes pure white, and Alexander's statue vanishes. It reappears not far from Lorent, right atop the designated platform!

Standing twenty feet tall, Alexander's commanding visage materializes in reality, his sword stabbed at the sky, as if defying the will of the heavens!

"Whooooaaa!" William shouts. "So COOL! I wanna be like that guy when I grow up!!"

"Alexander the Great." Lorent says. "He was a Hero, like me, Shana, and the Wordsmith. He was our predecessor, a mighty warrior whose eyes could manipulate time and gravity. Legends say Alexander the Great smote dead two of the Demon Emperors of his era, as well as nearly two dozen Dukes. He died young, though, ultimately slain by Satan the Devil. Now, nothing remains of his soul in this world. As for the Gordian Knot, none know of where it disappeared."

Shining admiration appears in the eyes of all the children. Even Shana appears a little entranced.

However, not long after, Shana shakes her head.

"He empty."

Lorent glances down at her. "Hmm? Empty?"

"Yeah. He empty. Nothing there."

"That's because this is only a statue." Lorent chuckles. "My painting ability isn't all that useful. All I can do is conjure inanimate objects. It would be quite impressive if I could bring a fallen Hero back to reality, haha."

He pats her shoulder, then returns to the bench where he was sitting before, as do all the children behind him.

"Alright, kids. I think I'll take some requests now. What do you want me to paint next?"

---

Phoebe sits inside a private room with Belial, both of them on a couch together, comfortingly close.

"...And you're sure that's what it is?" Phoebe asks.

"I'm sure." Belial says, smiling sweetly. "When will you tell Jason?"

"Later tonight." Phoebe says. "Well... I still have things to do. Tell Doctor Leeroy I said thank-you for the help with my headache. It means a lot."

Belial leans over and kisses Phoebe's cheek. "I'll let him know. Take care."

Phoebe leaves the hospital, a strange feeling swelling in her heart. She heads to the east side of the city, in the general direction of her house. After passing the Lazarus Tower, she pauses to look at the one and only church in the entirety of the Fortress of Retribution. 

Built just two days after the capitulation of the Hidden Emperors, the beautiful structure stands amidst an ocean of smaller homes and a small park, with an isolation formation placed over it to protect the privacy of its occupants. From outside the barrier, nobody can see those living inside, nor whatever activities they might be up to. All they can see is the building itself and all the parts of its glorious, gold-crested structure towering over the nearby homes.

With a beautiful golden cross placed atop its steeple, and stained glass windows that shimmer under the light of the midday sun, the church is actually the residence of not only the four Archangels, but Cassiel, too.

Few people know of Cassiel's identity. Aside from the soldiers who helped rescue her from Faith's End, nobody else has seen her in person, though this is almost entirely due to her staying indoors and never coming out in the light of day. The demons, especially, don't know of Cassiel's identity. Not that any of them would try and snoop on the church. After hearing rumors of the dreadful might of the Cherubiim, not even the gutsiest demon, let alone any of the Hidden Emperors, would attempt to intrude on the Archangel's privacy.

As such, Cassiel lives a comfortable life, one without any misery or strife. Simple, basic, and lacking all flair...

But at the same time, she also gets to live with her fellow angels. While what remains of angelkind is naught but four scattered Archangel souls and one single Lazarite, they still occupy a position of considerable power in the human-demon alliance. Any of Raphael's words could change the situation, if he so desired. 

Phoebe pauses to look at the church. After a moment of consideration, she changes her mind from heading home to heading into the church.

A minute later, she passes through the isolation barrier and steps into the church's confines. With three levels of living space, the church is not so much a congregation point for pious people as it is the designated living space for angelkind's remnants. As such, the interior is peaceful and quiet, with barely any noise to hear at all.

When Phoebe arrives inside, she pauses, spotting Cassiel sitting in front of a large piano placed against the eastern wall. Light streams through the stained glass windows, falling onto her body and warming her skin. The Lazarite doesn't play the piano, but instead merely stares at it, as if in a long, drawn-out daze.

"Hello, Cassiel..." Phoebe says, but before she can say anything further, Cassiel jumps in fright, startled by Phoebe's words. The Lazarite stumbles off her chair and scurries backward, her heart racing while she gazes at Phoebe in terror. The halo above her head dims and flickers, affected by her scrambled emotions.

Only after a few moments does she recognize the person who spoke. Still, she remains curled up on the ground, unable to take her eyes off Phoebe's figure.

"S-sorry..." Phoebe whispers, wincing at Cassiel's reaction. "I... didn't mean to startle you. Is Raphael here? I'm... I'm looking for him. I need to talk to him."

Cassiel's chest rises and falls. She inhales and exhales, struggling to slow her racing heart, while the halo above her head slowly brightens again. After a few moments, she shakily pulls herself to her feet, sits back at the piano and glances at Phoebe from the corner of her eye.

"Th..."

Cassiel starts to say something, but hesitates.

"...Third..."

Having uttered just one word, she turns away, unable to say anything else.

"Third floor? Okay. Thank you, Cassiel. I... appreciate your help." Phoebe says, while forcing a smile.

Feeling a little awkward and slightly ashamed of herself for having scared the Lazarite, Phoebe turns and walks toward the spiral staircase at the northern side of the building. She makes her way up past the second floor to the third, the one closest to the roof.

Each of the three floors is a dedicated living space for the Archangels. Typically, Cassiel, Soleil, and Uriel share the first floor, while Michael and Gabriel share the second. Raphael alone lives on the third floor, though he isn't always there, typically taking to the skies to observe humankind from above. With his abilities, hiding from those around him is a simple matter, and as such, he often works as a secret spy for humanity.

"Raphael?" Phoebe says, as she walks up the stairs. "Are you home?"

When Phoebe reaches the top of the stairs, she finds herself stepping out of the confines of a mere building into the interior of a self-contained world. Raphael's illusory powers allow him to create a miniature replication of Heaven, with scenic vistas including Heaven's primary locales, its mountains, its forests, and even its greatest cities. She blinks in surprise as every one of her senses tells her she is no longer on Tarus II, but has traveled back in time to the apex of angelkind's Ancient Era rule.

"Incredible..." Phoebe murmurs.

"Beautiful, isn't it?" Asks Raphael, sitting atop a mountain plateau 'far' in the distance. Despite speaking normally, his words reach her with ease. The tens of miles separating them seem comfortingly close, as if he were sitting just a stone's throw away. Phoebe can even make out the individual hairs on his beard, proving that his illusion does have its limits.

"Come. Take a seat." Raphael says, gesturing to a spot beside himself.

A moment later, Phoebe's body flickers. She teleports beside Raphael, drawn to him through his spatial powers.

"Oh!" Phoebe exclaims, slightly startled. "I... this isn't what I was expecting."

"Verily, I like to come here on many an occasion." Raphael says, his tone wistful. "Seeing the remnants of my civilization brings both comfort and pain to my heart. And what of thyself? Dost thou also partake in the vicissitudes of melancholy? The memory of years long past?"

Phoebe blinks. "I... I don't know. Maybe?"

"Hmm. Perhaps this scenery does not bring forth any memories to thee, but what if I were to change the view?"

Raphael holds up his hand. With a swirl of his wrist, the illusion shifts, transforming from an image of Heaven to that of the ancient city of Camelot. Phoebe's heart tightens as she and Raphael travel to the top of a church smack in Camelot's center, with the hustling and bustling city beneath them.

Mothers and children travel here and there, purchasing grain and wheat for their daily bread. Fathers walk the streets, either as guards and soldiers, or minstrels and priests. Shopkeepers shout out their wares, trying to reel in the affluent customers, while birds sit atop roofs and chirp at each other, looking for food the humans may have dropped. There are even dogs that run about, pet and fed by Camelot's many citizens.

"Camelot..." Phoebe whispers.

"'Twas thy home, and thou doth not lacketh any love for it. I, too, came to visit this city on many an occasion." Raphael says. "Arthur was one of my proudest children. The mightiest Hero. A figure who could force demons to their knees simply by using his divine aura. And his city, 'twas centuries more advanced than those that came after it. Camelot's fall was a tragic affair, indeed. A shining jewel of humanity, lost to greed and decadence."

Raphael turns his head to give Phoebe a sidelong glance.

"So, young one. Why hath thou come to visit me on this merry day? Surely, thou art not the nostalgic sort, a person who likes to layabout with old fogies like me."

Phoebe shakes her head, causing her white hair to tickle her nape.

"No. It's not that. I actually had some questions to ask you, Raphael."

"Questions." Raphael repeats. "I don't lack free time, so by all means, ask away. I shall clarify any doubts which might dwell within thy mind."

"Alright." Phoebe nods. "It's about the... Heroic Aura. You helped make it, yes? Do you know how it works?"

"The Heroic Aura?" Raphael asks, raising an eyebrow. "Indeed, I do. 'Twas intended to be a weapon of great power against demonkind. Not tied to any human's bloodline, so that humanity could not rise up against angelkind too easily and strike us down. After all, in those days, we feared the first Hero, Jepthath, as much as we feared the demons."

He continues. "The Heroic Aura was made to seek out the most worthy human of each generation. When each Hero died, the Aura would scour the Earth for the next heir and transfer inside their soul. Thus, it would always ensure that within one to two decades of any Hero's passing, a worthy successor would arise!"

Phoebe chews her lip. "Why did it choose Jason?"

"Pardon?" Raphael asks.

"Jason. Why did the Heroic Aura choose him? Was he the most worthy human of his generation? Did the Aura know he would enter cryostasis?"

"Ah. Thy doubts art understandable." Raphael says, patting Phoebe's back. "The Heroic Aura neither is nor ever was omniscient. It entered the bodies of many a young man or woman, ones who might not grow up to be figures of legend. Just take little Shana, for instance. She died at the tender young age of just seven years old. If the Aura were omniscient, why would it choose her?"

"That makes sense." Phoebe says. "But... in all the time you ruled the Archangels, did you ever hear of the Aura entering a new Hero before the current one had died?"

"I did not." Raphael answers. "This question... thou seemeth to be thinking of thy daughter, Daisy."

Phoebe nods. "Daisy had Heroic powers, Raphael. Shortly before she... well, Samantha confirmed she was able to heal soldiers in the hospital. Further, Daisy's healing abilities seemed even more intense than Samantha's. Additionally, when the demons attacked, Daisy apparently summoned the ghosts of the Hydra and Titans. These powers... have you ever heard of a child hero possessing such incredible might? And, more importantly..."

Raphael nods. "Jason is still alive. Not just Jason, but Hope, too. How coulds't thy daughter possess heroic powers when two living Heroes still walked the cosmos... these are the doubts thou wisheth to clarify, yes?"

"Yes." Phoebe nods.

"Mmm..."

Raphael falls silent for a few minutes.

"...I have given this matter much thought." Raphael murmurs. "The Heroic Aura chose Jason for a reason. Like his predecessors, he is this era's Chosen One. However, I have never heard of a Hero bearing a child who also possessed Heroic attributes. For Daisy to do so... something must have changed in how the Heroic Aura functioned."

Phoebe licks her lips. "Could this at all be related to Hope's existence? Since Jason cloned himself, that would mean there are now two Heroes living at the same time. Has that ever happened before?"

"Two heroes at the same time?" Raphael repeats. "Indeed. There were three such instances of such a thing occurring. All of them occurred as a result of twins being borne of the same womb. These three Hero Duologies were not particularly resplendent moments in the Aura's history. The three pairs ultimately made only a minor impact on the world before fading into the annals of history. But, there was one interesting tidbit..."

"What do you mean?" Phoebe asks.

"Mmm. When twins are born with the Heroic Aura... shoulds't one of them die, _both_ shalt die. Their lives become linked. In this way, the Heroic Aura remains a singular entity."

Raphael sighs.

"I cannot say for certain... but perhaps if Jason were to die, so too would Hope. And if Hope were to die, so too would Jason. However! The fact thy daughter hath perished, yet neither of the Wordsmiths have, makes my theories difficult to reconcile!"

"The Heroic Aura has changed." Raphael says, his tone solemn. "But in what manner, I cannot say. 'Tis a self-regulating entity. I no longer hold any control over how it evolves."

Phoebe nods. "I... understand. Thank you, Raphael. That's all I wanted to ask about."

"Anytime, anytime." Raphael smiles, while dispelling Camelot's illusion. "If any quandaries shoulds't befuddle thee, come to me and I shalt do my best to help ease thy worries."

Phoebe bows her head. "You are truly a respectable man."

The two of them say their goodbyes. As Phoebe heads back downstairs and waves farewell to Cassiel, she steps outside just in time to run into a familiar man.

"Hmm? Buddha?"

Phoebe stops just outside the church's doors when she sees the familiar face of Makoto Ueda. The Japanese man nods at her and smiles.

"Ahh, Miss Hiro. How good to see you. Excuse me. I have brought flowers for the Daughter of Heaven."

He holds up a beautiful bouquet of roses in his hand, to which Phoebe smiles back.

"How lovely! I'm sure she'll enjoy them."

After the two of them exchange pleasantries, Buddha heads inside the church, and Phoebe leaves.

"I'm... so tired." Phoebe sighs. "I need some rest."