Part 487: Consortium of Sages

Hope's blood turns to ice. He gazes into his fiance's eyes, seeing the conviction in her stance.

"Solomon is lying? About what?!"

Amelia gnashes her teeth.

"It's so obvious in retrospect. I knew something was fishy the moment I came to this so-called Hall of Heroes. Surely, you must have noticed too."

"I- I don't think I did?" Hope says, visibly confused. "Come on, honey, don't- don't play word games with me. Tell it to me straight."

Amelia snorts. She crosses her arms and looks away from Hope.

"Hope. How many artifacts did you recover from Serris?"

"A little under a thousand." Hope immediately answers.

"Are the artifacts here all the ones that have ever existed?" Amelia asks, still looking away.

"No..." Hope says slowly, as he tries to follow along with her thought process.

"So it's not that a thousand Heroes have lived." Amelia continues, carefully leaving a trail of breadcrumbs for her fiance to mentally follow. "If anything, a thousand is the bare minimum."

"Solomon did imply there are likely hundreds more." Hope acknowledges, his frown deepening.

_Where is she going with this?_ He wonders.

"You're still not seeing the problem." Amelia says, returning her gaze to meet Hope's eyes. "Let me ask a simple question. How does the Heroic Aura function?"

Hope rubs his forehead. "It waits until a Hero dies, then it randomly jumps into another human's body, repairing the flaws in their spiritual foundation and uplifting them to the rank of Hero. Assuming what Vulpanix told me was true, anyway."

"So every time a Hero dies, the Heroic Aura jumps to the next inheritor." Amelia observes. "Now let me ask this: How many years did humans live on Earth until the end of the Energy Wars?"

"I'm not exactly sure of the number." Hope says, as his mind begins to piece together her clues. "Five thousand... maybe ten thousand years?"

"Let's say ten thousand." Amelia continues. "And let's say all the Heroic Artifacts in the Hall of Heroes are all the Heroes who have ever existed, and that there are no others."

She pauses.

"Just for the sake of argument."

Hope's heart skips a beat. "That... that would mean..."

"Even if we account for awful nutrition and plenty of Heroes being weak little peons who died young, it seems strange that the average Hero's lifespan would only be ten years." Amelia states. "_Doesn't it?_"

"It does..." Hope mutters, his stomach beginning to sink. "Wendy is the youngest Hero I've met so far. And she died at age twelve. I would expect to have met dozens of children if... if the names and dates lined up. But until now, I've met more over-twenties than I have under-twenties."

This time, it's Hope who pauses.

"The numbers... they don't add up. Not at all!"

"No. They don't." Amelia says, her voice cold. "Don't you find that suspicious? I certainly did. So I had you compile that book for me, and I've made a shocking discovery."

Amelia reached behind her back to pull a rolled up paper out of the sash wrapped around her belly. She slowly but deliberately unfurls it before Hope, revealing... a line with numbers every 100 increments, starting from -8,000 and going to +2,000.

On this paper, above the main line, hundreds of smaller lines have been drawn in, etched seemingly at random, with countless lines staggered above one another, overlapping at points, and allowing Hope to quickly draw a conclusion.

"This is... a timeline graph." Hope mutters. "Don't tell me! This is a timeline of humanity's history, and these lines represent the lifetimes of each Hero in the Hall of Heroes."

"If what Solomon told you about the Heroic Aura was true, none of these lines would intersect." Amelia explains. "When a Hero dies, the Heroic Aura is supposed to jump to the next inheritor. But as you can see, there's no pattern at all. Heroes are born randomly. They often live at the same time as one another. And their numbers become more numerous the closer you get to the arrival of the Industrial Era. At one point, I confirmed more than twelve Heroes walked and breathed in the same year."

Hope's mind reels. He takes a step back, feeling a wave of disorientation strike his brain. Suddenly, he begins to question every interaction he had with Solomon, every assumption he'd made about all the Heroes he's met so far. How glibly he ate up whatever bullshit Solomon told him.

"This... this makes no sense. Why would- why would Solomon lie about this to me? What does he stand to gain?!"

"Maybe you're not as unique or special as you thought." Amelia says. "Maybe there can actually be many Heroes alive at one time. But... I'm not so sure about that."

"You're not?" Hope asks. "Why? Did you figure something else out?!"

Amelia chews her lip for a moment, then she points at the timeline.

"Look here. Notice the bottom-most Hero lifetimes? For some reason, there _are_ Heroes that completely fail to intersect with one another. And when I paid attention to their identities, I realized they had one common correlation."

Amelia looks at Hope meaningfully.

"You remember the three 'tiers' of Heroes Solomon told you about? There are the 'altars,' where 'great kings' reside. Then there are the pedestals, where lesser, but still prominent leaders reside. Heroes who possessed incredible power, but weren't _quite_ as lauded as the most centrally-positioned Heroes."

Hope recalls what Solomon told him about Hammurabi, Arthur, and the others of their breed.

Then, he remembers a seemingly casual line Hammurabi uttered at one point...

Something about... something about not wanting to 'interact with Lowborn Heroes, only Trueborn ones'...

"Trueborn Heroes..." Hope murmurs.

Amelia, satisfied by the recognition in his eyes, nods sagely.

"You see it now. The strongest Heroes also seem to be the ones whose lives never intersect. At the same time, these 'lesser' Heroes pop up all over the place. It seems Solomon has failed to tell us about a hidden component of the Heroic Aura."

"The Trueborn Heroes are the actual bloodline of the Heroic Aura." Hope says quietly. "They always possess genuine, powerful artifacts made by Camael. At the same time, lesser Heroes, the so-called 'Lowborn,' they often end up trapped inside random objects like spoons and gardening tools."

Hope closes his eyes for a moment to think deeply.

"It all makes sense." He says slowly, while massaging his forehead. "The Heroic Aura doesn't 'empower' a human into becoming a Hero. It only heals their spiritual flaws, which consequently uplifts them into that role. This means multiple people might be able to be empowered... somehow."

Amelia nods. "I believe the Heroic Aura seeks out people who have high spiritual affinities. Even with the damage the angels implanted in human souls, some people must have more innate potential in others. But how does that allow for there to be multiple Heroes living at one time?"

She pauses.

"...I also believe there are multiple Heroic Auras. Two. Three. Maybe more? They might be weaker versions of the one you possess. The others might have died off a long time ago, while the primary Aura still exists inside of you. The fact you and Jason both are Heroes goes to show that there can be multiple Auras!"

"I'm not so sure about that." Hope mutters. "Multiple Heroic Auras seems... implausible."

"Perhaps, but how else would you explain these timeline inconsistencies?" Amelia asks. "We need to confront Solomon! There's no way that old snake doesn't know the truth!"

Hope chews his lower lip. "There was that matter involving... Daisy."

"Jason's daughter?" Amelia asks, before her eyes glint with recognition. "Right... she demonstrated clear and obvious signs of Heroic powers prior to her death."

"Yeah. Her death." Hope mutters, feeling somewhat glum. Perhaps, in another life, Daisy might have been his daughter with Phoebe. Any resentment he feels toward Jason doesn't transfer to Jason's child, but rather, a sense of guilt for being unable to protect her.

Hope fiddles with his fingers absentmindedly.

"Daisy had powers. If the way the Heroic Aura worked was the way Solomon and the Archangels claimed, that wouldn't make any sense. There must be something we've overlooked."

"That's my assumption." Amelia nods. "I just don't see why he hid this. Solomon must have a nefarious reason for deceiving you."

Hope calms his emotions. His heart-rate slows, and his expression becomes less turbulent.

The Second Wordsmith looks into the distance, spacing out as he dwells on the conversations he's had with Solomon for the past few months.

"Possibly. But I'm not so certain. He might have a good reason."

"Or he'll twist your ear with an excuse!" Amelia exclaims. "Face it, Hope. That old bastard has been lying to you! All he cares about is killing the demons! He'll do anything to control you, manipulate you, gaslight you! He just wants to turn you into a tool for exacting his revenge!"

"I've known his motives for a long time." Hope says calmly. "And he is, without a doubt, more intelligent than me. I can see him coming up with a plausible-sounding explanation that would mollify and calm me down."

Hope continues, his face becoming more devoid of emotion than ever.

"It's always something, isn't it? Neil manipulates me. Solomon does too. Everyone wants to control the Wordsmiths. If I should be angry at anyone, it should be myself. I keep falling for other people's schemes. I'm as bad as Jason, in that regard."

Amelia blinks twice. "What are you saying? Aren't you pissed at Solomon?"

"Oh, I am." Hope says. "Very much so. But... I'm accepting it now. Getting angry won't give me an edge. He'll use my anger to trick me somehow. I need to confront him about this, but on my terms."

Hope's eyes flicker.

"You were right. About my lack of initiative. It's definitely time I started focusing on my own ambitions. Killing the demons is important, but it can come later. I have bigger fish to fry..."

He faintly smiles.

"If Solomon is indeed lying, he'll learn the consequences of his actions."

Amelia nods slowly. "That's good. You should be focusing on yourself more. What you want to do. What are we going to do about this discovery, though?"

Hope reaches over and touches Amelia's cheek.

"Nothing. Not today, anyway. I'm not in the right state of mind. Let's... wait until tomorrow. I need some time to think. You and I will confront Solomon together, so he can't use sleight of hand to distract me."

"I'm not easy to trick." Amelia acknowledges. "Especially not by wiley old men. They always think they know better. They don't."

"Jason might have Phoebe, but I have you." Hope says, revealing a slight smile. "And I'm definitely the winner in that arrangement."

Amelia's temper lessens. "When it comes to me versus Phoebe... let's just not."

Hope nods. "That's fair."

...

Hope and Amelia make a plan. Then, the Second Wordsmith drops the privacy field, returning the two of them back to reality.

They make their way back to their residence, but neither Hope nor Amelia say much to one another. For his part, Hope thinks long and hard about how he's going to confront Solomon, as well as what his plans are for the future. As for Amelia, she continues dwelling on the many possible reasons Solomon would have to lie to her fiance.

Both of them make it home. They eat some dinner, chat about nothing in particular, and go to bed. This time, they don't enjoy any raucous lovemaking.

Their minds are much too occupied for that.

The next morning, Hope wakes up first as always, but he decides to wait for Amelia to stir as well. She tends to be a heavy sleeper, a thought that makes him smile.

_She's so cute when she sleeps,_ Hope thinks.

After the two rouse themselves and prep for the day, they nod at each other, than make their way to the Heroic Library. Solomon, a spiritual life form who has lost all need to sleep, continues to systematically build and expand the size and scope of this library, publishing two books every minute.

When Hope and Amelia enter, Solomon doesn't stop his work. As they walk up behind him, Solomon merely nods.

"Up and at 'em, finally? You certainly slept later than usual, Hope."

"Keeping tabs on me?" Hope asks.

"You've been acting odd for the past fourteen hours." Solomon says, as his hands continue to dizzily fly across the computer interface at blinding speeds. "Amelia, you seemed so agitated when you had Hope erect that privacy filter, but you were quite calm when you left..."

"I don't like to be spied on." Amelia says, crossing her arms and narrowing her eyes. "You have a lot to answer for, Solomon."

Hope frowns slightly, due to Amelia's sudden accusatory tone. He quickly schools his expression.

"Solomon." Hope says slowly. "Amelia had some... reservations. She expressed an interesting finding she had, and I'd like to hear what you have to say about the matter."

Finally, Solomon's hands stop moving. He pauses his work on the computer and turns to look at the two people standing behind him. As a spiritual life form connected to the Hall of Heroes' metaphysical aura that permeates its every nook and cranny, he can observe all its internal events without needing to directly use his eyes, but he realizes Amelia's 'findings' must have been important. He decides to look them in the eyes and proceed from there.

"Alright." Solomon says. "I'm all ears. You two don't seem to be in the... best of moods."

"I'm not making an accusation." Hope says quickly, before Amelia can potentially bite off an insult. "I just want answers. Regarding the Heroic Aura... is there anything about it that you haven't told me yet?"

Amelia opens her mouth to speak, but pauses and closes it again. She smiles faintly, pleased by Hope's line of questioning.

_The question is open-ended enough that Solomon might not realize exactly what we're aiming for. Perhaps the old man will reveal some other information we didn't know. He's probably not stupid enough to do that... but a woman can dream._

Solomon notices the faint but unmistakable look of smugness on Amelia's face. His inscrutable expression, however, gives no clues.

"Anything that I haven't told you..." Solomon says slowly. "There are many things I have not spoken out loud, either because I wanted you to discover them on your own, or because I did not think you were ready to hear them yet. You have more than enough time to learn the Truths of our reality, Hope. There is no need to rush your Journey hastily."

Hope continues to faintly smile, but his stomach twists into a knot.

_Damn. That was a good rebuttal. Now if he doesn't say anything, Solomon can claim that whatever I bring up is simply an opportunity to educate me._

Hope pauses to think of a reply, but before he can say anything, Amelia speaks up.

"Old man. How many Heroic Auras are there in the universe?"

This finally elicits a change in Solomon's expression. "How... many?"

"I've noticed the discrepancy." Amelia says. "One thousand Heroes in the Hall of Heroes alone. Hundreds more implied to be unaccounted for. Ten thousand years of human history. And most damning of all... there is an unbroken line of Kings and Emperors and Leaders whose lifetimes never overlap, while the weaker Heroes are all over the place. I can only conclude there are multiple Heroic Auras in the universe, and you've... _forgotten_ to tell us this information."

Hope stifles a grimace. _She blurted it out. Dammit!_

"We're not trying to accuse you of anything." Hope says quickly. "I just want to know what the meaning is behind this... timeline misalignment."

Solomon raises his eyebrows.

"You finally noticed. I wasn't exactly trying to hide it, Hope, Amelia. Why do you think I made a point of placing the Kings, Nobles, and the Peons in three different layers within the Chamber of Waiting? It was to show a clear division in status between the Heroes."

Solomon pauses.

"But you are also... mistaken. There is only one Heroic Aura. I expected you to come to a different conclusion, Hope, especially after your chat with Vulpanix. Can't you see the truth of the matter?"

"What truth?" Hope asks. "Can the Heroic Aura... enter multiple bodies at once?"

"No. That's not it either..." Solomon murmurs, belatedly sighing. "How much time have the two of you spent inside the Hall of Heroes?"

Slightly taken aback, Hope frowns. "A little under three months. Why?"

Solomon continues. "That's less than a day in the outside world. But you haven't paid attention to the happenings on Tarus II in half a week of real-time, give or take a day."

"Right..." Amelia says, frowning more deeply. "Your point?"

"The same phenomena happening out there has happened many times in the past." Solomon gently explains. "I just received word that the newly passed-out Power Gloves have had... _interesting effects_ on their users. Hope, when was the last time you talked to Neil?"

The Second Wordsmith scratches his itchy palm. "Not since a few days before the attack on Serris."

"Well. Jason's been busy." Solomon says. "He's developed a special glove that can transform humans into creatures of other species. I learned from Neil not long ago that one of his soldiers, a man named Samuel Baker, experienced lingering effects following his transformation."

Solomon pauses, then leans forward to look at Hope and Amelia more intently.

"He possesses an 'S-class' transformation compatibility with the fairy species. After transforming into one, he's begun to exhibit signs of keeping his magical powers even after exiting that state. Now, why do you think that is?"

Hope and Amelia both frown deeply. Even Amelia, who saw the Power Glove in action and helped build the new spiritual battle dome on Tarus II's northern edge, wasn't privy to military secrets and knew nothing about the change with the Power Gloves.

Hope scrunches his eyebrows together. "Does this mean... humans can repair their spiritual flaws... without using the Aura at all?"

"That's right." Solomon says, smiling like a kindly old grandfather. "I suppose it is time I told you about a long-held secret to which few people have been privy."

With a pensive sigh, Solomon pauses for a few moments to gather his thoughts. He looks away wistfully, then returns his gaze to Hope and Amelia.

"I am a member of the Consortium of Sages." Solomon begins to explain. "The Consortium is an ancient lineage of humanity's thought leaders. Hammurabi was one of its founders. Siddhartha Gautama, Madam Mildred, and many others, including myself, joined later. All the members were either Trueborn Heroes, or Uplifted Heroes. Not just anyone could join the Consortium. Our goal was to ensure humanity continued to improve over time, and that we always maintained sight of our true enemies, the demons and angels."

He continues. "Due to a series of unfortunate accidents, as well as... deliberate acts of evil, we all swore a pact to keep the information I am about to tell you a secret. Most people mentally labor under the idea that the Heroic Aura 'empowers' the human it enters. This notion is incorrect, but it was formed deliberately by the Consortium. We wanted people to think Heroes were 'uplifted' humans, boosted in magical power by the Aura. But they are not."

Amelia nods. "Because the Aura only repairs flaws in a person's spirituality."

"That is half of the secret." Solomon acknowledges. "The other half is that, after a Hero dies, the Heroic Aura _seeks out_ the one human embryo in existence possessing the highest spiritual potential. With the Aura boosting the unborn child's developing spirituality, they almost always emerge from the womb possessing incredible untapped strength."

"Then," Solomon continues, "when they come of age, their spirituality coalesces like a diamond, empowering them to the highest state any human can reach. You Wordsmiths are, in my opinion, the final evolution of what an empowered human can become."

"Heroes project a natural aura of power." Solomon concludes. "There is only one Heroic Aura, but simply being in proximity to a Hero has a chance of triggering an evolution in an unascended human. That is why so many Lowborn Heroes have walked the Earth. Where Trueborn Heroes roam, Lowborn can and will ultimately become uplifted."

"Holy crap." Hope mutters. "So all this time, ordinary humans have not only had the capability to become Heroes, but they already did in the past."

"Lesser Heroes." Amelia points out. "Not as strong as genuine ones."

"But Heroes nonetheless." Hope counters. "Solomon, why didn't you tell us this sooner? Why keep it a secret?"

Solomon's kindly smile fades away. In its place, a look of disappointment forms.

I would have liked to," Solomon says slowly, "but I made a pledge, as did the other members of the Consortium of Sages. This information was never to be revealed lightly. Not only did we not want the Archangels to realize we had grown wise to their underhanded plot to cripple humanity, but other humans knowing could trigger a catastrophe."

"What sort of catastrophe?" Hope asks, confused. "How could having more Heroes be a bad thing?"

"You assume that having more empowered humans is a net gain for humanity." Solomon says, a hint of warning in his voice. "But haven't you forgotten something important?"

Finally, Hope realizes what Solomon is playing at.

"Dracula. The Dark Hero." Hope mutters.

"That's right." Solomon whispers. "Dracula was not the first Hero to go rogue. But he was the first Trueborn to do so. Before him, many ordinary men and women became Uplifted and used their newfound abilities to seek riches, dominate others, and seize control of the Earth."

"So the Consortium's goal," Amelia says, "it was to... eliminate evil Heroes?"

"Sinners. Enemies of Man." Solomon says with a nod. "Worse than demons. Traitors to their own species. Our Order hunted these fiends down and killed them in cold blood. Not only were we to kill them, but to shatter their artifacts as well, ensuring they could not spread their heinous thoughts after death."

"But there came a problem." Solomon continues. "It surfaced for the Consortium when the most powerful human on Earth, the Trueborn Hero of that era, became the one we had to kill. Our Uplifted agents... they could not contend against his power. And so... Dracula brought a dark age upon humanity."

He looks at Hope and Amelia with deep meaning.

"In the same way, so will Jason's flippant mass-uplifting of ordinary humans. Dark figures may arise... but who shall be ready to take them down before they can deal damage to their former brethren?"

"The catastrophe... is the arrival of Dark Heroes?" Hope asks.

"Agents of devils." Solomon affirms. "Greedy spreaders of Chaos. They will emerge. If left unchecked, the demons won't have to lift a finger. Our species will immolate itself, just as it nearly did so many times before..."

Solomon clears his throat.

"I did not tell you of these things, because I wanted to see if you would draw those conclusions yourself. Since you have, that means you can be informally inducted into the Consortium if you so wish."

Solomon pays special attention to Amelia.

"You are the one who discovered this discrepancy, not Hope. While you do not seem to possess any magical affinity on the surface, I find it hard to believe one who bears the Black Queen's memories would remain in this state forever. If you decide to accept my offer, I will work on finding a way to restore your natural abilities."

Amelia blinks, visibly surprised by Solomon's offer.

"I... I don't know... this is all so sudden."

"You may decide now." Solomon says. "Or you may decide later. But it was you who possessed the wisdom to see the Truth laid out, not Hope. It is only fair that you should obtain this choice. Hope has enough on his plate."

Hope frowns slightly at being slighted, but quiets down, feeling a bit better when he realizes his fiance now has a unique opportunity to become useful.

Perhaps, if this were to give her a goal worth striving to achieve... Amelia might finally feel valued, and no longer a burden to her fiance.

A few moments pass. Amelia contemplates Solomon's offer.

She taps her cherry-red lips, then frowns as she looks at him.

"Before I even think of accepting, I have some... doubts."

Solomon smilingly nods.

"Ask whatever you like."

---

**Author Note: This part was heavily rewritten due to a major oversight I made when I first published it. Simply put, I forgot that Hope and Vulpanix had spoken about Humanity's Flaw. Now the rewritten part accurately reflects their discussion and fixes other things I noticed on a re-read!**