Part 663: Russia's Secret Hero

_January 29th, 2021. 4PM. Voronezh, Russia._

It was a late Friday afternoon when the bells rang across many different classrooms at Voronezh State University. Thousands of students heaved sighs of relief. Finals were over, and the semester had concluded. While technically the semester should normally end on the 31st of January, that day would happen to fall on a weekend, and thus the students were free two days ahead of time.

Daisy Hiro strode out of her classroom looking far more tired than usual. She had spent the last several days poring over her studies, and had finally reached a satisfactory conclusion. She felt happy with her performance, and even happier that she never once cheated.

Cheating in class came easily to her. She had to make a deliberate effort _not_ to do so, as she had possessed telepathic abilities since she was six years old... perhaps even earlier. It was all too easy to accidentally spy on the thoughts of other classmates during moments of weakness, and doing so would have allowed her to excel in any school course she attended.

But Daisy refused to cheat. Her adopted uncle, Vasily Sokolov, had spoken with her on many occasions and told her that only through an honest attempt at learning could she make herself into a better person. Given how in years prior he had saved her from medical torture at the hands of those vile scientists, Daisy felt obligated to heed his words. She had spent years learning how to focus her powers, limit their effects, and otherwise live a seemingly ordinary life.

Daisy exhaled quietly as she stepped out into the main courtyard. Students all around her wore expressions of excitement, happiness, fear, and even looked down at the ground pensively. Not everyone had earned amazing grades, and plenty were worried they weren't up to par with their peers. The job market in Russia was doing quite well, but there were rumors slowly spreading of a future downturn due to sanctions imposed by other nations. If the market tightened, that would mean even more fierce competition for what jobs remained.

Daisy had no such fears. Her adopted uncle was fabulously wealthy and powerful. This left her somewhat distant and detached from the worries of her lesser peers. Even so, she always tried to understand what they were going through, even if unsuccessful.

After a few minutes of waiting on the front steps that led off-campus, a voice spoke from behind Daisy.

"Hey, you!"

Daisy wasn't surprised. She had sensed her friends' approach already, but she was good at playing the fool, so she turned around and acted surprised.

"Sasha! Nadia! And Marco, too. Were you looking for me?"

Two girls and a boy, all age 18, strode up behind Daisy in lockstep. They were her childhood friends, the only three who remained after years of classes, when her other friends had left to enter different schools. Of the hundred or so children she knew in elementary school, all the others had left to live new lives and study in other schools.

Sasha was the one who had initially called out to Daisy. She was a brunette with long and curly hair who always treated the academy's dress code as a general guideline, rather than a strict rule. Her father was a fashion designer raised from a lineage of such men, and she was always working to follow in his footsteps. She wore a cute and fluttery green skirt that just barely touched the tops of her knees, an orange blouse just long enough to technically not reveal her navel if she didn't contort her body at all, and detached sleeves that deliberately sat apart from her blouse to expose a bit of skin on her shoulders. Each of her ears had been pierced multiple times in different places, giving them an unsymmetrical appearance, the combination of which ultimately meant she looked like a pretty girl-next-door with her whole life ahead of her.

Nadia was very different. Unlike Daisy or Sasha, Nadia was a short black-haired girl with a rail-thin frame who appeared weak and frail. Her backpack was small, and she carried few books with her. She suffered from a congenital disease from birth that affected the strength of her bones, so she was always quiet-spoken and shy. She wore the traditional school uniform of a orange blouse and green skirt with no major alterations. She usually lowered her head when she spoke, allowing her bob-hair to sometimes fall in front of her eyes and hide her face.

Marco was a student who was born in Kenya but migrated to Russia with his family when he was just a child. Like Daisy, he was a foreigner from a strange land, so they had bonded as kids with their distinct lack of understanding regarding specific Russian customs. Over the years, they had both integrated into the local cultures seamlessly, but their shared roots made them quite close. Like Nadia, Marco stuck to the dress code, not wanting to make waves. He wore an orange shirt with green dress pants, and kept his hair in a thick and twisted hairstyle, with blonde-colored tips at the ends of his naturally-black hair.

Sasha skipped over to Daisy and grabbed her shoulders to pull her in for a hug. She pecked each of Daisy's cheeks with her lips, then pulled away. "I totally aced my exam! How about you? Oh who am I kidding? You always get perfect grades!"

"I actually had a bit of trouble with my finals on geology." Daisy admitted. "If it was geography, I'd have had more confidence, but I just don't care much about rocks."

"It's a shame you sometimes have to take certain classes just to earn a degree." Marco replied with a smiling nod. "Physics class is my weakness."

Nadia clutched a large textbook to her chest. "My grades were... probably fine."

She wasn't exactly being humble, but rather, she had low self-confidence. When in the presence of her three friends, Nadia always felt like the odd one out. She didn't have their effortless confidence, and she always felt like the ugly duckling of the group, though she was certainly pretty in her own right. That being said, Nadia was probably the smartest member of the group, and her exam scores even made Daisy faintly jealous.

But unlike Daisy, Nadia didn't have any ability to cheat off the hard work of other people. She had studied hard her entire life so that she could become a surgeon in the future. Her dream goal was to look into various bone diseases and find cures for them... the strongest reason of course being her own body's circumstances.

Daisy was, of course, born with incredible healing powers. She could even heal serious brain issues, unlike Belial, who could not. Thus, she had often thought of healing Nadia, but her uncle Vasily warned her not to expose her powers in public. If Nadia were suddenly cured, it would invite questions regarding 'how'. And those questions would turn to 'who' and by then, nothing Vasily did would be able to protect Daisy from the eyes of powerful nation-states.

Another reason she had never healed Nadia was the same reason she hadn't healed her adopted sister, Anya. Daisy had her powers blocked for years, and had not been able to do so. But after coming into contact with her father, she had finally released a mental block and regained control over this fundamental ability.

Daisy knew she was extremely special. She knew about Heroes, and many other things. Even so, and even despite Vasily's warnings, she always felt... stifled.

What was the use of possessing such incredible powers if she couldn't use them?

But Vasily had given her a concession. Once she turned 18, she would be an adult. She could decide how to live her life, and what her future would become. If she wished to openly wield her powers, then she would have the emotional intelligence and maturity to make that decision... and reap all the benefits and consequences that came along with them.

For years, Daisy had quietly wrestled with what she should do. The closer her 18th birthday drew, the more indecisive she felt.

She was already eighteen now. Her birthday had come and gone. But still, she remained indecisive. If she had chosen to reveal who she was, she would take on a mountain of risk all by herself.

But that had all changed in an instant.

One week earlier, her father's younger self abruptly shattered his pre-destined life's path. He did not enter the cryopod. He regained memories from a future that had not yet come to pass. He remembered who he was... and who Daisy was.

She would no longer have to undertake all the risks alone. Daisy's father, and grandfather, had both entered her life.

With this knowledge in mind, as Daisy looked at her friends, she felt a huge weight lift off her shoulders.

"It's been hard on you." Daisy said to Nadia, her tone gentle. "After this semester... I finally came to a decision. I've decided I'm done with schoolwork. I won't be attending any further semesters at this university, or any other ones."

"What? You aren't?" Nadia asked in astonishment, her mouth forming a small 'o'. "But why not?"

"Yeah, Daisy, why not?" Marco asked, her face tightening into concern. "Is the pressure too much for you?"

"Or maybe your uncle already has a cushy position in government with your name on it?" Sasha suggested.

Daisy lowered her eyes. She shook her head and faintly smiled.

"It's... it's nothing like that. I haven't told you guys this yet but... I found... my father. My birth father."

"What!" Sasha gasped. "You did?!"

"Actually, I've known where he was for years." Daisy answered, unable to lift her eyes to meet the gazes of her friends. "But my dad is... he's... an amazing person. I didn't know if it was okay for me to meet him. There were... special circumstances."

The other three remained quiet. They looked at Daisy solemnly, realizing this must be a difficult situation for her. Actually, what they did not know was that while Daisy knew where Jason was, she also knew he was destined to travel into the future, and she didn't want to accidentally disrupt the timeline.

But since that had already happened, she now understood time was not as fragile as she first thought. Unlike in popular sci-fi movies, she didn't create a Grandfather Paradox and erase herself from existence. That meant she was more free to act than she originally thought.

With that worry gone from her mind, Daisy finally had the freedom to choose how she wanted to live her life... and she realized she wanted her father involved in it.

"I'm going to be entering a military academy." Daisy said, after a few moments. "I want to join the armed forces."

This revelation came as a genuine shock to the other three. They looked at each other in disbelief, then back at Daisy.

"What... the military?" Marco asked in dismay. "But haven't you heard the rumors? The President is looking to start another war. You'd be throwing your life away!"

"Daisy, have you lost your mind?" Sasha admonished. "I mean, the military?? Why would a pretty girl like you go and throw your life away in some stupid battle? Even if you get a non-combat role, so what? I know you can accomplish greater things if you stay in the civilian sector."

"I also... don't like... you going into battle." Nadia said nervously. "Daisy... please reconsider."

Daisy finally swept her eyes across the faces of her friends. They didn't understand. How could they? They didn't know what was coming. They didn't know about the Demons, or the Volgrim, or any of the other threats. They didn't know there was life beyond Earth.

War was coming. And with her father's awakening, it would arrive sooner rather than later. Daisy wanted- no, she _needed_ to gain combat experience.

"I have more reasons than you can imagine to enter the military." Daisy said carefully. "But you'll all understand soon enough. We've been friends for ages, but... I've never fully told you all the truth about me. I think that can finally change, starting today."

She looked at one of the three. "Nadia. Let's go to your house today. I want to talk to all of you in private and... show you something."

Nadia pointed at herself. "My place? B-but, you never come over... i-it's not clean or anything, and my mom isn't expecting guests, and-"

Daisy felt a pang of guilt at Nadia's words. It was true. She and the others hadn't visited Nadia's home in years. She suddenly realized this must be contributing to Nadia's inferiority complex.

"I'm sorry. I don't mean to impose." Daisy said. "But... this is especially important for you to know about, Nadia."

"It is?" Nadia asked, her eyes widening. She quickly looked at the ground and shuffled her feet indecisively. "W-well, if you say it's important, I guess you can... come by..."

She blushed in embarrassment. Finals had just concluded and she had a million things on her mind, but now Daisy was throwing this on her, and she felt a mixture of happiness at being included, but also shock at the suddenness of the request.

A few minutes later, the three of them hopped into Daisy's vehicle, a six-door luxury sedan with a private chauffeur. While Daisy could teleport anywhere on Earth, she generally tried not to do this unless needing to travel vast distances quickly. When in Russia, she always took the slow route so as to not vent excessive amounts of Heroic Energy and thus expose herself to danger.

Daisy's driver took her and her friends to Nadia's house. After they went inside and said hello to Nadia's delighted mother, everyone walked into Nadia's room and closed the door.

Nadia quickly darted over to her bed and kicked some clothes that were laying on the floor under her bed in embarrassment. On the way, her heart had been racing at the thought her friends might accidentally witness something embarrassing, but luckily she hadn't left panties lying around or anything mortifying like that. She had also texted her mother a few minutes in advance, and thus she had cleaned the room a little.

Daisy deliberately didn't peek on the thoughts of her friends. It was difficult to do, but over the years she had learned how to shut out the thoughts of everyone around her by focusing her mental attention on the thoughts of nearby animals, which were much simpler and often incomprehensible. Dogs, in particular, had a lot less going on in their heads than humans did.

Even so, it was obvious that Nadia was apprehensive. Being suddenly told Daisy had a huge secret made not just her, but Sasha and Marco uncomfortable with the situation.

Daisy had the other three sit on Nadia's bed. She remained standing and faced them with a complex look on her face.

"Well. This is it." Daisy said softly. "No going back from here. I've been keeping a big secret from all of you for years now. I... I think now is the time to finally talk about it."

Marco pursed his lips. "It's about your father, isn't it?"

Daisy blinked. "Huh? No, I-"

"You're the child of President Putin." Marco said, lowering his eyes. "Probably an illegitimate daughter. That's why you're going to join the military academy. You want to earn accolades and prove yourself worthy of standing by his side."

Daisy's brain momentarily went blank. She coughed, then blushed madly.

"No... no! Haha, is that what you guys think this is about?!"

"It seems pretty obvious in hindsight." Sasha said, looking up at Daisy with a more careful gaze. "You've always felt a little more ethereal than other humans. For you to be born of noble blood seems to make the most sense."

Daisy chuckled. "Well. Honestly, you guys aren't that far off the mark. Except my father is much, _much_ more amazing than President Putin."

She allowed that sentence to percolate in their minds, causing their thoughts to wander across the seas to the newest elected leader of the USA.

"No way! You're Johannesburg's daughter?!" Marco exclaimed.

"NO! Stop asking about my dad!" Daisy shouted back. "This isn't about him! Never mind. I'll just say it."

She sighed.

"Everyone in Russia knows me as Daisy Sokolov. But that's not my real name, which is Daisy Hiro. My father's name is Jason Hiro, and he's an American."

Daisy paused. Obviously, the others wouldn't know who her father was. He was a nobody.

"Rather than explaining with words... it's probably best if I just show you." Daisy said, her voice becoming even quieter than before.

She looked at Nadia, causing the frail girl's breath to catch. She suddenly remembered what Daisy said before they came here.

"Don't tell me..." Nadia whispered. "I'm... you're... you're my sister?"

"What??" Daisy asked, bewildered. "No! I'm... just... look!"

Frustrated, Daisy finally tapped into her magic. She reached within the center of her body, causing light to manifest on her hands. The other three snapped their gazes onto Daisy's hands and gasped. Daisy didn't wait a second longer. She stepped toward Nadia and gently grabbed her shoulder.

The power of healing she had been repressing for years flooded out of Daisy's body into Nadia. All at once, Nadia felt a profound, indescribable sense of change swallowing her inner self. She gasped.

Nadia's bones, formerly weak and brittle, rapidly began to strengthen. Her osteoporosis-like symptoms rapidly cleared up, and her eyes filled with life. She sat up a little straighter, her spine no longer slightly crooked. She looked at Daisy with disbelief in her eyes.

Daisy pulled away, smiled at Nadia, and lowered her hands. The glowing energy of light magic faded away.

"I've cured you. No longer will you suffer from your disease, Nadia."

These words were not for Nadia's sake, but for Sasha and Marco, as they didn't know why Nadia's body had absorbed the light projected by Daisy's hands.

Slowly, Nadia stood up from the bed. She no longer hunched over slightly, and her body seemed noticeably stronger than before. She looked at her palms in disbelief, then she looked at Daisy.

"You... cured me? With... how? Is this... magic?"

"Magic?!" Sasha blurted out. "What? Daisy, you have magic too??"

Marco jerked his head to the right, looking at Sasha in shock. "Too? What do you mean 'too'? Are you saying you and Daisy can both use magic? So it ain't just me?"

"You and Sasha can use magic?" Daisy asked Marco, the solemnity of the moment now completely replaced with a moment of brain-broken shock on her part.

"If all of you can... can use magic..." Nadia said slowly, looking at each of her friends, one after the other, "...then does that mean... I'm not alone?"

"You can use magic as well??" Daisy asked Nadia. "Wait, can EVERYONE in this room use magic?"

For a brief moment, each one of the four exchanged glances with the person on their right and left. They evaluated one another, uncertain just what the hell was going on.

"Daisy... did you bring us here to show us your magic?" Nadia eventually asked.

"Well. Yeah." Daisy said slowly. "I was afraid of how you guys would react. But you can all use magic too? How is that possible? What's even going on here?!"

"I started developing strange powers around ten years ago, when I was eight years old..." Marco said carefully. My parents found out and forced me to keep my abilities a secret."

"It was the same for me." Sasha said, shaking slightly with a mixture of nervousness and happiness. "Ever since I was eight years old, I've possessed really cool powers! But my mom insisted I never tell anyone."

"My powers..." Nadia said quietly, lowering her eyes. "...They're not powers at all. They're a curse. They've... ruined my body. Or they did... until Daisy healed me, just now."

Daisy looked at each of her friends, one by one. She had deliberately gone out of her way to never read their minds over the years, as any time she did that to people in the past, she would end up learning something hurtful that ruined friendships. As such, she only used her telepathy during secret diplomatic moments alongside her uncle, if he requested her help.

But now? She was regretting not doing so for all these years.

"I can't believe it." Daisy muttered. "How could... all of you...? This shouldn't be possible. My father, grandfather, and I should be the only Heroes. So how could there be others?"

"Huh? Heroes?" Marco asked. "Daisy, what are you talking about?"

Daisy's expression grew solemn.

It couldn't be a coincidence these long-time friends of hers had developed powers. She was missing something important. A puzzle piece that would make everything make sense.

"Let's talk about this carefully." Daisy said slowly. "I'm sure we all have questions."

"No kidding, we do." Sasha said seriously. "And it seems like you really do know more than you've let on."

"More... but not nearly enough to have all the answers." Daisy replied. "Even if I don't, then my dad will, or my grandfather."

And with that, the group of friends began to unravel a key mystery they never knew existed in their lives until that very moment...