Part 117: Raphael's Secrets of Yore

It feels like an eternity has passed since I last saw the bonfire. When I open my eyes to find myself sitting before the three Archangels, with Solomon at my right, it takes me a moment to remember who I am.

"Oh. I'm back."

Solomon squeezes my shoulder. "Those were quite the series of events, eh, Jason?"

"Yeah, I'll say. Valac's rise... a massive battle in Heaven... Satan's defeat. How long was I under?"

Solomon smiles. "Thirteen seconds."

"You're kidding."

"Nope. As I said, my crown accelerates your mental processing speed. It probably felt like days passed, but in real-time, you've experienced my visions in a matter of minutes."

I blink and turn away. "Oh."

Solomon frowns. "Is there something wrong with that? Would you prefer it if time passed more quickly?"

"No, no, I'm just... it's weird, you know? I've walked hundreds of miles in the shoes of several beings. I've seen through the eyes of Satan, Nerissa, Valac, Uzziel, and even Camael. All of them in a matter of minutes. It's a bit surreal. I've never met the people in your visions, but I know how they think, their worries, their fears... all that stuff. I feel like I _get them_."

"Bah. I very much doubt that," Raphael says. The old man sits across from me on his log in the same position as before. In the darkness of the night, the flames from the bonfire send shadows dancing across his face, adding to the Archangel's mysterious air. "Hearing Camael or Uzziel's thoughts in passing hardly qualifies thee to claim thou knoweth them."

I raise an eyebrow. "Maybe not, but you didn't know about Camael's visions, or how harshly Uzziel blamed herself for Samael's death. More importantly, if you're such a wise and knowing Archangel, why did you let Uzziel enter Heaven with Satan? If Camael knew Satan was going to launch an attack, why didn't she stop him? You guys are friggin' illogical sometimes."

Solomon socks my arm. "Jason!"

"Nay, 'tis an excellent question," Raphael says. "I know not why Camael failed to use her knowledge of the future to bar Satan from entering Heaven. Perhaps, had we tried to stop him, Satan would have forcefully entered despite our best efforts. Perhaps the future might have played out the same way even if we had resisted. What I _do_ know is why _I_ did not try to stop Satan."

Raphael pauses. He narrows his eyes. "Not once did I believe that slimy snake had the best of intentions. 'Twas plain to me that he intended to deceive us. However, despite what others may say, wisdom does not entail omniscience. Even Camael, who could gaze into the future, was no god-like figure. I wrongly assumed that, since the Devil entered Heaven with only one ally, he would be no threat to us. My senses were alert. I awaited his backstab, but he still caught me off-guard."

The Archangel of Wisdom crosses his arms and sneers. "Portal magic. I would never have guessed the demons had evolved such spells. Portal magic is dangerous and unstable. Among the Angels, only I and a few others, including Gabriel, could create rifts and gates to travel from one plane to the next. Of them, only I was adept enough to perform it without mutilating myself."

A moment passes. Raphael slowly peels back his robes to reveal the same scarred body I saw when he battled Satan. 

"'Twas not always the case. Learning to master portal magic and the illusory arts caused me unimaginable agony. At the time, assuming the demons had unlocked such abilities was beyond my imagination. Now, of course, I no longer underestimate them, for I understand how their magic works."

"You do?" I ask.

Raphael clears his throat. "Hmph. Demon magic is frighteningly diverse, yet narrowly-focused at the same time. The so-called Warper demons can summon portals, but only one at a time. They lack all other forms of spellcraft and are remarkably fragile to boot. The ability to summon portals makes them valuable assets for traversing vast distances, but they are utterly worthless when it comes to combat."

I tap my chin. "So you're saying Warpers can open portals even more effectively than you?"

"I can open several at once, but doing so devours my mana. Warpers can only summon one portal at a time, and they also have to wait for their bodies to recover from the shock. I would not imply their abilities are superior to mine, though they're certainly more adept than any other angel."

I lean back and rest on my hands. A few moments pass as I think about Raphael's words. "Can I create portals? It seems within Wordsmithing's realm of possibilities."

"I believe you can," Solomon replies. "You can teleport, after all. Your manner of teleportation doesn't involve disassembling your body and rematerializing it elsewhere. You simply step through a rift in space and appear in a different area. As far as I can tell, you create miniature portals whenever you jump to new locations."

Raphael nods. "The Knowledge Seeker is correct, Jason. There is only one limitation regarding teleportation and portal-travel, and that is that thou must have already visited the location ye intendeth to travel. So long as thou dost fulfilleth that condition, it should be possible to summon a gateway there."

"Makes sense," I mutter. "Hmm. If that's the case, I might be able to make new gateways for humanity's use. It might allow us to travel further than the Labyrinth Core currently allows. Once I finish with these visions, I'll try making one."

...

Gabriel and Michael have stayed silent since my arrival, but now the Archangel of Power leans forward to stare at me. "So, Jason, what sayeth thee about Catherine? I'm sure thou hath questions."

"Not especially. I figured out at some point that Catherine was the angel the Sword of Heaven was named after. I'm not certain how she and Joan of Arc were related, though."

Gabriel nods. "Due to how Catherine saved Michael's life and defeated Valac, we promoted her to the rank of Saint, along with the other four Valkyries. Her promotion was unique, in that Camael gave her two magical artifacts to boost her combat prowess. Unfortunately, her fellow Valkyries did not receive such gifts."

I raise an eyebrow. "But Valac didn't die. He survived."

"We had no way of knowing that at the time, _obviously,_" Michael says, biting off the last word. "Nor did we understand the lengths Valac took to deceive us. That demon was one of the cruelest monsters ever to walk the mortal plane. Even with the benefit of hindsight and Solomon's visions, it baffles me how far the Grim Reaper went to sow chaos among our ranks."

"You weren't much help," I shoot back. "Between torturing Diablo, Bael, and fucking with corpses, it's no wonder the demons started plotting your demise. What the hell were you thinking?"

Michael glares at me. His gaze turns to ice. "I hated the bloodskins then, and I still do now. They murdered Samael, one of my beloved brothers, and killed thousands more in the blink of an eye. 'Tis I who still wonders why Raphael demanded we show mercy to those... those... _animals._"

The Archangel of Courage grits his teeth and flicks his eyes to Raphael. "What were thy thoughts, brother? Do not tell me 'twas all about respecting the dead or some other rubbish. Bloodskins, be they dead or alive, merit no honor. They deserve fires and torture."

Raphael meets Michael's gaze. The two Archangels stare at each other for a few seconds before Raphael replies.

"My anger had little to do with Heaven's sanctity, 'twas true. Nor was I angered that thou were disrespecting a demon's body. Nay, 'twas for a different reason entirely."

Raphael purses his lips. The old man takes a moment to collect his thoughts before pulling his gaze away from Michael's. He opts to stare into the fire, allowing the crackling embers to pop and illuminate his haunted expression.

"Jason. The Heaven thou art seeing through Solomon's Crown was a stunning jewel. Angels lived in peace and harmony. We treated each other with respect and dignity, and never spoke badly of one another. However, 'twas not always the case."

The eldest Archangel's breath catches. "Once, in the eternity before time, brother fought brother, and sister, sister. Angels were a warlike species unlike any that came after. I remember those dark ages. Before we created the dragons, we drifted in the Void, bickering and squabbling over this and that. Back then, our mana seemed limitless. Each angel possessed the equivalent of galaxies worth of energy. As the eldest, 'twas my desire to curtail violence among ourselves, but I was only one person. I could not do it by myself."

"And so, when I discovered that my brothers and sisters had begun battling each other to determine who was the mightiest, I knew trouble was brewing. I tried to stop them, but I couldn't."

Raphael narrows his eyes. "How dost thee suppose the dragons came into being?"

Solomon bows his head. Michael's gaze softens. Gabriel's jaw slackens.

"Brother..." Gabriel whispers. "Art thou saying we created the dragons out of a desire for war?"

"Aye," Raphael replies. "Before, I stated that angels created the dragons to alleviate boredom. 'Twas not the case. Angels worked together to create a powerful monster; something that would challenge their newly awakened battle instincts. They poured vast reserves of mana into the dragon's body, infusing it with enough power that it rivaled the Creator. And thus, eons of bloodshed began."

Raphael shakily raises his pipe. He lights it with his thumb and takes several long drags on the tobacco inside.

"Some angels unleashed their bloodthirstiness with greater fervor than the rest. Naturally... Michael was among them."

Michael nods. "I guessed as much."

The old man closes his eyes and exhales a stream of smoke. "Is that so, little brother? Dost thou understand the past, the present, and the future as well? Dost thou _fully_ comprehend why I went to the lengths I did to curtail our violent urges?"

"I am not all-seeing, Raphael," Michael replies, his voice low. "I believe violence serves a purpose. Thou may not savor my beliefs, but that is how they stand. Pacifism allowed the demons to overrun us. Seeking peace with our enemies enabled them to run roughshod over our defenses. Hads't thee followed my advice from the beginning; we might have snuffed out the demon threat before they overpowered us."

"At what cost?" Raphael asks. "Should we have tossed aside our morality in pursuit of vengeance? Perhaps we should have tortured the demons more! Perhaps we could have stirred up even greater animosity!"

The old man begins to raise his voice. He opens his eyes to reveal smoldering embers of anger. 

"And then what, Michael?! Where woulds't thee draw the line? Once we slaughtered all the demons, where might thou turneth thy gaze next? On the animals of Earth? The humans? Perhaps even thy brothers and sisters?!"

Michael balks. "I would never..."

Raphael rises to his feet. His teeth gnash together. "Thou woulds't, Michael! I know such rage lies within thee! I saw it once! When Muriel and Cassiel begged thee to end the war against the Titans, ye turned thy cold, dead eyes upon them... and then... AND THEN..."

Raphael's entire body shakes with rage.

"Cassiel... Muriel... thou dids't _murder_ them. Not because they dared speak against thee, but because of thy greed. Ye looked upon them and felt jealousy! For, after all the love they poured upon thee, ye only saw them as... as..."

"No..." Michael's eyes widen and his lower lip trembles. "I... I couldn't... I wouldn't have..."

"Ye could, ye would, and ye did!" Raphael says. He sits down again and turns his head away; disgust etched into every inch of his face. "How many eons did it take for me to end our bloodthirsty ways? How many of our siblings did ye kill before I finally found a solution? The mind-wipes weren't only to erase our bloody history, Michael. They were my last-ditch attempt to purge our destructive tendencies."

The old man closes his eyes. "They were my last attempt... and I failed."

Silence.

Nobody says a word.

Michael's entire body shakes and trembles as waves of guilt hit him over and over. Gabriel stares blankly at Raphael, seemingly unable to comprehend his words.

As for me, a question appears in my mind. _What did Raphael mean when he said Michael killed Cassiel and Muriel out of greed?_

Greed? What part of murdering his sisters made Michael greedy?

I don't understand the circumstances. The politics of angels are beyond my comprehension. What I do know is that my opinion of them continues to drop the more I learn. The demons are starting to look like saints compared to the so-called arbiters of righteousness.

The angels remind me of many people from my era. Self-aggrandizing, they would proclaim their virtue to the ends of the Earth, but in the end, they were little more than empty husks. That's what the angels are — flawed, destructive beings, and in some ways... _evil_.

As the thoughts cycle through my mind, Gabriel shakes his head. His appearance normalizes, as if he's already come to terms with Raphael's proclamation.

"Raphael. If thou were afraid of Michael returning to his old ways, why did ye not sit down and have an honest discussion with him? Our brother might be stubborn and obstinate, but had thee simply laid bare thy grievances, might not ye have been able to come to a resolution?"

Raphael waves his pipe in the air. "Perhaps in another life, I might have taken a different path. Michael is right, after all. There's no point dwelling on the past. Solomon's visions have proven that I failed my people repeatedly, and then I perished. What a miserable existence. What a pathetic _Archangel of Wisdom_ I am."

...

Several minutes later, after all the Archangels have sulked and brooded on their thoughts, Michael stands up. He sweeps his gaze across all of us.

"I'm leaving."

"Huh?" I ask. "What do you mean?"

Michael ignores me. He turns to Raphael. "Had I known thou detested my presence so, I might have made different choices of my own. I'll leave thee to thy regrets, eldest brother."

Michael raises his hands to form a magic sign, but pauses.

Raphael slowly raises his head. His eyes meet Michael's.

The two of them gaze at each other for several long seconds before Michael breaks away.

"I'm sorry, Raphael. I didn't mean to... I didn't know... I couldn't have..."

Michael's words lodge in his throat. He closes his eyes, motions with his hands, and vanishes from the bonfire, leaving the rest of us behind.

I stare incredulously for a few seconds at the spot where Michael was just standing, then I nudge Solomon. "Uh. Where did he... go? Is he, like... dead?"

Solomon sighs wryly. "...Haha. No. He seized control of his ring and withdrew inside of it. I cannot contact him, for now. Not unless he wishes to speak to us again, if ever."

Raphael silently sticks his pipe back in his robes, leans forward, and rests his face in his palms.

"I... I swore never to say anything. I vowed to myself that I would never tell Michael about his past. I let my anger get to me, and now Michael has departed. 'Tis his right, given how many secrets I've kept from him."

I clamber to my feet, walk around the fire, and sit on the log beside Raphael. Gently, I pat the old man's back. "You made a hard choice, Raphael. Despite your tone, I know you love your brother. He'll come around eventually. You and he can have a long talk and work things out, right?"

Raphael doesn't reply for several seconds. The old man strokes his hands against his face in a circular motion, seemingly trying to rub his anxiety away.

Finally, he sighs.

"No. Michael is right. I hate him. I've hated him with all my being for so long that I can scarcely remember a time when I didn't. He is my brother — my flesh and blood. I love all the members of my family, but I could never bring myself to look at him the same way — not after what he did. He didn't stop with Muriel and Cassiel. Michael continued murdering hundreds, even thousands of other angels during the dragon wars. All to satisfy his... his wretched bloodlust."

Raphael lifts his head and folds his hands on his lap. He turns to Gabriel. "Tell me, Gabriel. What point is there in living anymore? What reason have I to go on, knowing 'twas my failure to lead the angels that led to our downfall? What right have I to continue drawing breath when our brothers and sisters have long since returned to the Cosmic Realm?"

Gabriel sheepishly rubs his shoulders. The gentle giant shrugs, unsure of what to say. "Well, I suppose our task now is to aid the hero? Ending our existences would mean giving the demons a final victory. I don't believe the others would like that. 'Twould dishonor the name of Heaven."

Raphael nods. He stares forward, his eyes looking not at Solomon, but through the ancient king as if he doesn't exist.

"Right. Of course. Counsel. Bah... what good is the guidance of an old man who couldn't even..."

He trails off.

...

I've never seen Gabriel and Raphael in such dismal spirits. Both of them stare forward, glumly thinking about the fate of their species, their failures, and a hundred other things I can scarcely imagine.

I grow antsy and get up to pace around. While the angels silently sulk and fret over this and that, I decide to break the silence.

"Why do some angels have different hair colors from the rest?"

Gabriel raises his head. "Hmm? What sort of question is that?"

"I'm curious. From what I've seen, most angels had white hair, but there were several women with different colors from the rainbow."

Gabriel stares at me blankly for a few moments, then shrugs. "Our sisters often liked to tint their hair. Uzziel created dyes from her flowers, and the women used them. That's all there is to it."

"Why, though? I mean, you guys were all siblings, right? Nobody was trying to look sexy for anyone else, were they?"

"I... I suppose not?" Gabriel shoots a glance at Raphael. "This hero is asking strange questions."

I nod. "Yeah, and here's another. You guys mentioned that Catherine possessed Jörmungandr's flames. How did she get that ability?"

Raphael blinks. He seems to come out of a trance and raises his eyes to look at me. "Oh... Catherine. Mmm. She, Gabriel, and Michael battled the mother of all dragons. In their final conflict, the three of them took a portion of the dragon's essence and sealed it within themselves. Michael took her body. Catherine, her flames. Gabriel, her spirit. Catherine wasn't supposed to use the dragon's flames because the essence of Jörmungandr's body and spirit were required to protect her from the dragon's fire. Dragonflame burns not only flesh, but mana as well."

I glance at Gabriel. "So... you and Michael are part dragon?"

Gabriel shakes his head. "Not exactly, but I suppose 'tis a decent allegory."

Before Gabriel can return to his thoughts, I fire off another question. "If Angels lived in Heaven after the mind-wipes and lived lives of peace, why were so many of them wearing armor when the demons first attacked? Why have a standing army if you guys weren't at war?"

Gabriel rubs his forehead and groans in annoyance. "Ugh... so many questions. We always worried the Titans might attack. 'Twas a minor risk, but nevertheless, we strove to maintain our defenses."

"When you and the Titans decided to ally against the demons, why were they so stingy with their mana if they could regenerate it? Why not simply-"

Jason," Solomon says, interrupting me. "I think that's enough questions for now. The Archangels need time to collect their thoughts."

A moment passes.

I sigh.

"Right. Sorry. Things were a little too tense for my liking."

I pause for a second before walking over and plunking down beside Solomon on the ground. He raises an eyebrow questioningly. "How many more questions _do_ you have?"

"Several. I'm curious about some other things, like how Valac faked his death and why. I'm also trying to get a scope for how big Heaven's forces were. I know there were millions of angels, but their organization and structure evade me."

Solomon nods. "In due time, all those questions will be answered, especially the ones about Valac. I find his story to be the most fascinating of all the players in the Ancient Era."

Pausing to take a breath, Solomon cracks his neck. "Alright. We've dilly-dallied long enough. It's time to push forward. We're coming closer to the War in Heaven. By now, you've gained a solid idea of the circumstances leading up to the war, but there is still much to learn regarding the power dynamics of Ancient Earth. Are you ready for me to continue?"

I glance at Gabriel and Raphael. The giant Archangel rests his chin on his palm and stares at me blankly while Raphael gingerly begins to knock the burnt tobacco from his pipe before adding more and lighting it again. He's quite the avid smoker.

"Daisy's still asleep, right?"

Solomon closes his eyes for a moment, then opens them. "Yes. She's fine."

"Great. Let's return. I can't wait to see what happens next."

"You're not just saying that, are you?" Solomon asks.

"Nope. I genuinely enjoy learning about the past. That's why I studied mythology in high school."

Solomon purses his lips. "Mmm. That makes sense. Well, let's get on with it, then."

"Take me away, captain."