Part 371: Inferno's Imprisonment

On the southern side of the Fortress of Retribution, in an undeveloped area where only military personnel patrol, a half-dozen soldiers in exosuits stomp along in unison. Before them walks an old man with two ruined arms, but even with his limbs unable to be used, they still hang behind his back, handcuffed and useless.

This man is none other than Beelzebub.

The former Duke of Inferno silently walks to the prison, with the six escorts behind him keeping their weapons trained on him, just in case, as per their orders from Phoebe Hiro.

Surprisingly, none of them know Beelzebub's true identity. For her part, Phoebe only informed them that this old man, Robert, was a traitor to humanity and should be taken to his prison cell post-haste.

And so, after several miles of relentless walking, Beelzebub arrives at a familiar entrance to an underground prison complex, the very same one he previously escaped, thanks to Mara's help.

When last he left, he slaughtered dozens of human troopers, burning them to ash with his Duke-level demonic powers. But now, he has become so weak that even an ordinary human teenager could beat him up.

Such a sad reversal of circumstances causes him to lightly sigh.

"Prisoner entry request." Says one of the soldiers behind Beelzebub to a guard at the prison's entrance. "Here are his details."

A few minutes later, Beelzebub gets escorted inside. After going through multiple magical and technological searches, including an incredibly humiliating 'cavity search,' his captors don't find anything suspicious hidden on him. They lead him into the cell block areas, which he discovers have been upgraded and expanded in the past several weeks.

No longer do a mere two hundred cells await him. Instead, more than ten million cells lead deep, deep into the underground complex. Thanks to the assistance of countless Goblin immigrants brought from the Seven Hells, more than a thousand stories of levels extend deep into the underground space, while their width and length also stretch out tens of times further than before as well.

When Beelzebub arrives in the cell blocks on the first floor, he becomes momentarily astonished at the sheer volume of prisoners being held within the Wordsmith's dungeons. With four people to each cell, not a single bed on the first floor remains open. Instead, the guards lead Beelzebub to an elevator, one which they take all the way down to the one thousandth floor at the very bottom... the VIP holding area.

Here, fewer than a dozen or so prisoners sit inside their cells, quiet and contemplative looks on their faces. Unlike the somewhat loud and raucous first floor, the bottom-most floor is one where hardly anyone lives. As a result, its prisoners are much quieter, barely whispering to each other in quiet tones.

"You've got some real shitty luck." One of the guards gruffly says to Beelzebub. "Only the scummiest pieces of shit get put on this floor. Hell, we haven't even put anyone in the hundred floors above you. Putting you down here is basically saying you won't ever see the light of day again. I can only imagine what some old man did to deserve such a fate."

Another guard beside him snorts. "Maybe it's better we don't know. We might kill the geezer ourselves if we found out."

"Right you are."

The two guards fall silent. They lead Beelzebub to a cell where another man already sits inside, a young human male with brown hair and a common appearance. He wears a basic orange jumpsuit, the same as Beelzebub.

"Guess who gets a friend." The first guard says to the prisoner inside the cell. "Hope you haven't been too lonely in here, _Private_ Henry. Since your old boss made it back alive, maybe Neil will throw you a bone and spare your life. But considering how you left him to die... I wouldn't count on it."

The young man in the cell, Henry, barely lifts his head to glance at the old man being led into his cell before lowering his gaze again. He sits on the edge of his bed, absentmindedly kicking his legs to pass the time.

The guards unchain Beelzebub's wrists, then snort coldly at him when they see his arms can't move a muscle.

"Eating-time is gonna be a bitch, grandpa. But don't worry. We'll put a straw in your applesauce so you don't starve to death. You need to stay alive until the trial, after all."

Beelzebub merely grunts. "Mmm."

After he enters the cell, the guards close the gate and lock it tightly, then turn and leave.

A minute passes.

Beelzebub quietly glances around the cell before wandering to a bed on the opposite side of the room as the young human male.

"So." Henry says, his tone neither warm nor cold, but mostly indifferent. "What are you in for?"

Beelzebub's shoulders lightly slump forward as he glances at the human across from him. For a brief time, he hesitates.

Finally, he answers.

"...Murder. Genocide, to be exact."

Henry blinks. He raises his eyes to scrutinize Beelzebub a little more carefully.

"Name?"

"Robert." Beelzebub immediately answers. "That's what they call me, anyway."

"And just who is 'they?'" Henry asks.

"The people who rescued me." Beelzebub replies. "Any other stupid questions?"

The young man eyes Beelzebub carefully, but he doesn't see through the former Duke's identity. With a shake of his head, he returns to looking at the floor.

"No need to be so hostile. You and me are going to be in here for a long time. That is, unless we get executed. Which, honestly, that might happen. This floor is only for the most 'special' of humanity's traitors and enemies, after all."

"Executed." Beelzebub repeats. "Yes. That will probably be my fate. And you?"

"Hmm..." Henry muses. "I don't know. What I did was... they probably won't execute me. But does it matter? Is death any less preferable to living inside these walls where the sun will never shine?"

"You're quite the talkative human." Beelzebub remarks.

"You say that like you're not a human yourself!" Henry lightly laughs. "Got dementia, Robert?"

Beelzebub doesn't answer.

For several long, awkward minutes, he remains silent. Ultimately, he turns around and lays down on his cot, grimacing at the bed's hardness. Unable to use his arms, he can only wriggle around with his waist to try and reorient both his limbs.

After Beelzebub finally gets 'comfortable,' he sighs. "I can't see why you would be down here with me. No matter how you look at it, my crimes must certainly be more heinous than yours. We don't belong in the same cell block, let alone the same cell."

"I didn't actually do anything that directly harmed humanity as a whole." Henry says, shaking his head. "It was more a... matter of principle. I allowed myself to get led around by a demoness. I fed her information without thinking of the consequences."

"Well. That _was_ pretty stupid of you." Beelzebub snorts.

"Yeah..." Henry murmurs, his voice low. "I thought I loved her. I thought she loved me. But in the end, her words were nothing more than sweet little lies. She manipulated me... turned me against my people. Hell, she turned me against my own ideals. My own heart. I betrayed everyone around me, as well as myself. If I had just stuck to my principles, she never could have toyed around with me. I feel ashamed for what I did."

"I had a woman do something similar to me as well." Beelzebub muses. "I really thought I loved her. Maybe I did. Maybe I didn't. She's dead now, so... I'll never truly find out."

"Haha!" Henry laughs. "It's funny you mention that. Yes, the demoness I'm talking about... well, I found out she died recently, too. All my struggle to be with her, and in the end, she never was who she said she was..."

Henry exhales deeply.

"Miss Oshina. She seemed so kind and loving, like a white-clad fairy in a delicate dress. But in the end, she turned out to be a vicious, evil, manipulative demoness. And not just any demoness, but the supreme enemy of humanity... _Emperor Ose._"

Beelzebub's heart skips a beat.

"Emperor Ose?" He asks, turning his head to look at Henry. "It was her?"

Henry mistakes Beelzebub's surprise for shock that Henry would be duped by humanity's worst enemy. "Exactly. You see? That's why I'm down here. I let that manipulative woman control me to the point I sacrificed my own commander's life. I even believed her lies when she told me the Wordsmiths were colluding with demonkind. In fairness to myself, I believed that Oshina was a human woman... not the supreme leader of demonkind. I wouldn't have followed her if I knew otherwise."

"It's fortunate that Commander Neil survived." Henry continues, oblivious to the varied expressions on Beelzebub's face. "Ose deceived me, but in the end, I didn't manage to cause any true harm. Still, if I had wholeheartedly helped Neil escape the Core's explosion, who knows how many more people he would have been able to save during the Stormbringer Attack? Without his presence, our people lacked a crucial leader during the initial battles. I still indirectly cost humanity countless lives."

He eventually stops talking, as does Beelzebub.

The former Duke of Inferno shifts his eyes to the ceiling. He gazes upward, lost in thought.

_Ose lied to this human boy. She lied to me, as well. Deceived me. She used me as a tool for her own gain... and I foolishly blundered along to her wishes like an imbecile. Now I'm a cripple with nothing left of my former glory._

The demon-turned-human snorts bitterly.

_I don't even get a decent end to my life. Ultimately, I'll just die like a caged dog. That is how my legacy will conclude._

A sense of unwillingness wells up within Beelzebub's heart.

_If only I could change the past. If only I could see through Ose's lies. I would have pushed her to accept the Wordsmith's treaty... then demonkind and humanity wouldn't have suffered such grievous blows._

With Henry finally falling silent, a momentary lull opens up in the conversation.

Beelzebub tilts his head on his pillow to look at the young man again.

"...Thank you." He says.

"Hm? For what?" Henry asks.

"You've given me a lot to think about." Beelzebub cryptically says, not explaining any further. "Maybe I'll even be able to die without regrets."

"Come on, gramps..." Henry says, laughing wryly. "You can't die now. Humanity has so many tools and ways for you to live on. Besides, you're the first person I've gotten to sit down and chat with in weeks! If you die, won't I be left all alone down here?"

Beelzebub lightly shakes his head.

"My living or dying is not for me to decide."

---

_Elsewhere, deep inside the Labyrinth._

Hope Hiro finally arrives at the entrance to the El-Dorado room. Following in his footsteps is none other than Jason's black hole construct, the one shaped in King Arthur's image.

The two of them quickly step inside the room filled with overflowing treasure, gold, and gems. Weapons and armor of a medieval variety litter the floor in huge heaps and mounds. Brilliant magical lights illuminate the room's interior, making Hope wince as he steps out of the Labyrinth's pitch-black hallways into the divinity of the Three Kings.

"I have returned." Hope says, as he sweeps his gaze across the statues of Solomon, King Arthur, and Jepthath. "**Awaken.**"

After uttering a Word of Power, Hope senses the rousing of the Three King's spirits. However, while Arthur and Jepthath quickly bring themselves back to the world of wakefulness, Solomon does not. Due to his merging with his Crown, his spirit no longer resides inside his statue.

"Young man." Jepthath says, his tone neither warm nor cold. "Wordsmith. I feared the worst when you left but did not return. That evil specter which lurked outside this holy room... were you able to handle it?"

Hope's lips tremble. "I... was not. He was a Demon Emperor. And not just any, but a frighteningly powerful one named Gressil."

Hope spends several minutes explaining to Jepthath and Arthur what happened, including his capture and torment by Gressil.

By the end of his speech, Jepthath's aura has grown much more fiery.

"Good. Good! So this Gressil is another bastard in the vein of the ancient Emperors I once slew! This king does not fear a challenge, only that the ones he strikes down will not prove worthy! The suffering that you have endured, young Wordsmith, we will return ten thousand times over!"

Arthur's reaction is much more subdued. "Mmm. Even among the worst demons I've known, Gressil stands out for his cruelty and malice. He inflicts agony and suffering without hesitation. He revels in the pain of others. He is a stain upon creation which must be expunged."

"I agree." Hope murmurs. "But save that talk for later. I came here for a different reason. I need your help, Arthur. Jepthath. I need to find your divine artifacts."

"Excalibur and the Dominion Rod?" Jepthath asks. "And what happened to Solomon's Crown? Don't tell me that child left you, after leaving your original body too."

"Gressil plucked Solomon's Crown off my head, it seems." Hope explains. "And now, it has ended up in the hands of the Volgrim. Just like both of your artifacts. Therefore, I must travel to the Volgrim's core worlds in search of all three artifacts. Only then will I possess the capital to contend with Jason for control of humanity."

Hope gestures to the black hole construct behind him.

"Arthur. By coincidence, Jason happened to craft an incredibly powerful body, one which resembles you. Would you like to possess it and travel with me to the Volgrim's worlds?"

Expecting a rapid and resounding 'yes!', Hope frowns when Arthur doesn't immediately reply.

"Mmm. The appearance is a perfect facsimile... but the soul aura... tsk. There is no resemblance. I will not be able to merge and manipulate that cute little puppet."

Arthur's words carry a hint of melancholy.

"Not that it matters." Arthur continues. "You must remember, Hope. I am not truly Arthur. I am merely a wisp of soul separated from my core soul using Solomon's profound means. The same is true of Jepthath. Our original souls continue to reside in our artifacts. If you try to forcefully extract us from these specially-crafted statues, I fear that we will dissipate in an instant!"

Hope deeply frowns. "Does... does that mean I came here in vain?"

"Perhaps not." Jepthath says. "You wish to seek out the locations of our artifacts, yes? We do not know where they reside. However, we can place our spiritual impressions inside of you, embedding them within your soul. Though your mana manipulation skills are as weak and clumsy as an infant's, even you will be able to sense the presence of our original souls, assuming you draw within a certain distance of them."

"How close will I have to be?" Hope asks.

"It is difficult to guess." Jepthath mutters. "This may seem obvious now that I am saying it, but perhaps you have overlooked this point. I have never stepped foot on another world's soil, and neither has Arthur-boy. Perhaps you will need to be on the same planet as our artifacts, but perhaps you will be able to sense them from farther away. I have no frame of reference, and thus, I cannot say."

Arthur chuckles. "Jepthath speaks truth. Hope, are you not worried? Traveling to a world dominated by the Volgrim... you cannot simply stumble in with your naïve understanding of worldly matters. Or have you forgotten? Among the Volgrim are members of the Psions. They can read minds and peer into the core of the universe. Even if you disguise yourself as a Volgrim, or hide within a spatial rift, do you think these old monsters won't be able to uncover your identity?"

"Haha..." Arthur laughs dryly. "You intend to go and seek out three precious treasures, yet you fail to understand just how frightening your enemies are. I only know of the Volgrim through the actions of Excalibur's inheritors, yet I can say with absolute confidence that they are ten times more terrifying than you can possibly imagine. In a battle against a Ninth Order Psion, such as the Second Founder... even I am not certain I could win."

The more Arthur speaks, the more wary Hope becomes.

"I can only imagine how difficult such a journey would be. But I have no choice! I must seek out the three artifacts. Jason has obtained the power of some unknown, almighty, ancient divine artifact. His power has exploded since he seized it. If I want to challenge him for the right of leading humanity, I need to have sufficient capital."

For a brief moment, nobody speaks.

Then, the blood-red eyes on Jepthath's statue glimmer.

"Isn't this a simple matter to solve?" Jepthath asks. "Just kill Jason. You are a Wordsmith. You have a billion different methods you can use. Jason would never be able to prepare for all of them. Once he is dead, you will become the de facto head of humanity."

"I don't want to take that route." Hope says, his expression gloomy. "I'm not like Jason. I'm not a murderer! I only kill demons... not humans. And besides... if I killed Jason, Phoebe would be..."

A pang of pain flares up in Hope's chest as he imagines the face of the wife he lost, due to Jason's idiotic and thoughtless cloning process.

Phoebe was Hope's woman. They loved each other. Then, one day, she simply _wasn't._ He had done nothing wrong. He had only cloned himself, but in the end, he turned out to be the clone.

"It wasn't fair..." Hope says, his voice low. "It wasn't."

"Hmph." Jepthath snorts. "In my era, I slew countless demons. But I was not a soft man. I killed humans, too. Disrespectful ones. Ones who slighted my reign or implied they could do better. This is the true way of a king! Even Arthur, he..."

Jepthath's soul energy shifts from Hope to Arthur's statue.

"Speak not of that matter." Arthur icily says. "It was my sin. It was the Greatest Sin. I failed as a Hero on that day."

Hope's eyebrows shoot up.

"What did you do?" Hope asks.

"I will not speak of this matter." Arthur replies. "I will _never_ speak of it. Not to you, nor to anyone else."

With Arthur closing off the conversation, Hope doesn't bother prodding further. After all, it isn't why he came to the El Dorado room in the first place.

"Regarding your impressions of your artifacts," Hope says, "I have to request that you two assist me. If I obtain your artifacts, I will bring them here so that you can merge back into them, as Solomon did with his crown."

"That is a simple enough task." Jepthath says. "I already said I would, and so, I shall. Arthur?"

Arthur, the Greatest Sinner, nods along to Jepthath's words. "I will pass on my impression, as well. Remember, Wordsmith. The stronger the tremors in your soul, the closer you will have drawn to our artifacts. But do not act greedily. The Volgrim are fearsome. They toppled Earth's military might with a wave of their hand. The only reason they struggle now is due to the Threat within the Milky Way. Even so, it will only take one high-ranking Psion to send you scurrying like a rat back into the shadows."

"I'm confident in my abilities." Hope says with a smile. "Let's do this."

"Very well."

A minute later, both Kings flare up their auras for a brief moment before dying back down.

"It is done." Jepthath remarks.

Hope taps the side of his head, then his stomach and heart. He frowns.

"I don't feel any different."

"Unless you draw within the required distance of our artifacts, you won't." Arthur says. "Soul Pressing is a painless process. It is not dissimilar to writing a few words on the back of your hand. Given your mortal-level of soul and mana manipulation, it's not odd you wouldn't sense any changes."

"Why _is_ my mana manipulation so poor, anyway?" Hope asks, slightly exasperated. "A Demon Emperor could blast me full force with their aura and I wouldn't feel a thing."

"Your abilities are broad. You are a generalist." Arthur explains. "Jepthath and I, however, were both specialists. Our abilities were more narrow, but also more explosive and powerful. There is no such thing as a perfect power-set, only a perfect Hero. If you can master your abilities, I've no doubt you will inevitably surpass the two of us."

"We look forward to your future success." Jepthath says. "As for that construct of yours... a pity we cannot use it. Perhaps, when you obtain our original souls, they might have a better chance of success."

"I'll keep that in mind." Hope says. "Thank you, Arthur, Jepthath. I will return sooner or later."

"Hmph. Indeed, you will." Arthur says.

Without another word, Hope turns on his heel and strides out of the room. The black hole construct follows behind him, and minutes later, he vanishes completely.

Both kings remain quiet for a time.

"I hate that I must linger on..." Arthur murmurs. "But there is a certain comfort in seeing the rise of a younger generation."

"That boy is the inheritor of my will." Jepthath states, his tone firm. "He will slay the demons. He _must_ slay them. Only when every last bloodskin has fallen will I allow myself to rest."

Arthur sighs. "That rage... that hatred... it will destroy you, brother."

Jepthath chuckles.

"Heh, heh, heh... it already _has,_ Arthur."