Part 653: Demon's Deal

_Far-Future Era. Day 3, AJR. The world of Sharmur._

Linda Adams sat inside a small office by herself in South Melodia. The building she was currently using as a military HQ wasn't anything special, merely a former factory used by humans when they previously lived on Sharmur. As such, it had no special soundproofing, the walls were made of stone and mud, and it felt rather primitive. Using the few miniature replicators they had saved inside the Core, her technicians had fabricated a desk and a chair for her, so she was able to sit in relative comfort.

In the past, Jason Hiro had built several miniature fusion generators with his Wordsmithing, and had even placed several of them inside the Core. However, with Tarus II's destruction, and the demons' forceful eviction of the humans outside of the Core, they had now been moved to Sharmur, along with the few mini-replicators that remained.

The loss of Tarus II and Maiura had set humanity back immeasurably. Before that dreadful day came, the prevailing wisdom was that even if Jason or Hope fought, one of them was likely to survive, so even if the infrastructure was destroyed, at least humanity could rebuild later. But how could anyone predict that both Wordsmiths would die, and both of humanity's bases of power would be snuffed out?

Now, all that remained of their former industrial capabilities were what pittances had been put inside the Core, and whatever Chrona and the Hall of Heroes had tucked away.

But these last two were of no use to Linda. The teleportation devices built inside both Wordsmith's secret dimensional spaces were only made for transporting bipedal bodies and perhaps some small devices on their person. Fabricating and transferring new power sources was a fundamentally impossible task unless someone inside the secret dimensions drastically upgraded and overhauled the teleportation matrices. Fusion generators were inherently volatile, and Fiona wouldn't want to risk a superliminal detonation by transferring a fusion reactor across interdimensional distances.

So, now, humanity in Realspace was suffering from an unexpected crisis.

A stack of papers sat in front of Linda. These were requisition requests, detailing urgent and needed uses for the remaining fabricators. From various parts that could be put together to repair and construct new vehicles, to weapons and armor to help fortify the military's strength in a time when they had little equipment available, to simply fabricating new T-REX suits, the list of requisitions was daunting.

Linda sighed. She rested her elbow on the desk and chin on her palm, while gazing vacantly at a piece of paper with all sorts of military jargon on it. Humanity's military doctrine was still in its infancy, having lost its ten thousand years of history following the destruction of Earth 100,000 years ago, but Neil had done a decent job building new pipelines for infrastructure, reviving military doctrines from the 1800s that he knew, and integrating those doctrines with newer ones recommended to him by his top generals. Especially Chadwick, who had fought in humanity's Second World War. Linda didn't even know what kind of concept a 'world war' was. She had never lived on Old Earth, so she had no knowledge of humanity's roots.

Linda knew she was unqualified. Unlike Neil, who had been properly trained and led by one of Earth's former Heroes, Napoleon, she had no formal training. She was only an ordinary citizen from one of the worlds enslaved by the demons. She had been promoted to Corporal in a time when resources and personnel were needed quickly, but her talents were better put to use on a battlefield than behind a desk.

Right now, she didn't have much to work with. So many humans had died in the last week that humanity's military had been stretched beyond its limits. The chain of command was broken. Promotions were being haphazardly issued. Unqualified people were being uplifted one after the other, with an aura of disarray being issued one after the other. The Queen Network that had been quite successful in training new initiates had also been lost, and all that remained of it were a few small-scale transceivers in the Core, and one major hub on the world of Pixiv. The Fairies would need to work together to build a new primary hub on Sharmur before training and bootcamps could resume.

Linda massaged her chin. She dropped the paper in her hand onto the desk, slumped back in her chair, and heavily sighed. She felt some of her energy drain away for the tenth time that day.

"Neil... I knew you worked hard... but I never really understood how much we relied on you until now." Linda muttered to herself.

On another day, she might start crying again, but by this point, her tears had already run dry. She was simply too tired to weep. She hadn't been married to him for six months before fate snatched him away and left her a widow. Now she not only had to lead the military, but raise their child once the baby was born.

It was a lot of responsibility for a single parent.

As she sat in the chair, looking up at the ceiling in a daze, a knock came at the door. Instantly, Linda hardened her expression. She sat up in the chair, took a deep breath, and turned her gaze toward the sound.

"Come in." Linda said.

The door opened. A woman with light grey hair in a ponytail carefully stepped into the office.

"Miss Adams?"

Linda faintly smiled, the expression a mixture of being forced because she wasn't really in the mood to smile, but also a little genuine because she had no hard feelings toward the person who entered.

"Corporal Sariah. Is something the matter?"

Sariah, one of the Felorians, now wore a green pressed suit with a beret instead of her somewhat skimpy tribalwear. This was not strictly necessary, but after the humans lost so many people over the last several days, she voluntarily chose to enter humanity's proper military, giving up some of her cultural identity to better fit into an increasingly thinned-out army structure.

"There are two Demon Deities here to see you." Sariah said, looking neither scared nor flustered. "It's Kristoff and Yardrat."

Linda hesitated for a moment. She really wasn't in the mood for a high-stakes discussion with a pair of powerful demons, but she was the only person qualified to do so, which meant she really had no choice. She exhaled quietly, then nodded.

"Okay. Send them in."

Sariah nodded. She stepped back out, and a moment later, ushered the two 'guests' inside. Yardrat and Kristoff entered, their bodies faintly transparent due to being in their Astral bodies.

After the door closed, Yardrat opened his mouth to speak, only to pause and look behind Linda. She turned and nearly jumped out of her skin when she realized someone was standing right behind her, having appeared without her noticing.

"Mother of-! You scared the shit out of me, Melody!"

Demon Deity Melody crossed her arms apologetically. "Sorry. I sensed these two had come. I wanted to make sure I was present for whatever they were planning to say."

Unspoken, Melody implied she was here to protect Linda just in case these two Demon Deities had any ill intentions. Linda calmed down, but she had unfortunately already acted startled, so any form of imposing presence on her part had been lost.

She returned her gaze to Yardrat, feeling slightly glum. If it had been Neil, he would have remained unruffled by Melody's appearance. Now she felt as if any chance of appearing strong before these two unwanted guests was in the past. They would be the ones to lead the discussion.

"Commander Adams." Yardrat said. "Auger sent us here to have a talk with you. Melody is already aware of the general... concept."

"I am." Melody said, her tone bland. She maintained her crossed arms while giving the other two Deities a look that implied they should know their boundaries. While on Sharmur, their astral bodies could project the strength of a Demon Emperor, but there were limitations, and they were a bit weaker than flesh and blood Emperors. They would completely lose if Melody decided to disperse their astral bodies forcefully.

"We've come to make a proposal." Yardrat continued. "We know we haven't done our best to assist humanity. After the losses of both your home planets, we've decided to try and help you out. With the Plague becoming more dangerous every day, we need to work together in times like these."

Linda slowly nodded, but Melody didn't.

"Not going to mention how you kicked the humans out of the Core the day they lost everything?" Melody asked. "That's convenient."

Yardrat smiled apologetically. "We made a rash decision in the heat of the moment, but no real harm was done. We didn't attack any humans, and we didn't hurt anyone. We simply... took back that which was ours."

"Are you here to give us control of the Core once again?" Linda asked.

"Well... no." Yardrat said carefully. "The Core is part of the Labyrinth, and the Labyrinth belongs to demonkind. But we are here to assist humanity in rebuilding itself. We would like to send demons and monsters to Sharmur who are specialists in construction. They can help you rebuild quickly, and give you a new center of operations. We're also going to make the same offer to the humans on Pixiv."

Linda frowned. "This feels like it's coming out of thin air."

"It isn't." Yardrat said. "I know the demons and humans have had our differences. Emperor Ose committed a terrible sin by attacking Tarus II during Operation Stormbringer. But neither Kristoff nor I were involved in that. That was the fault of the First Hell. And these days.. the First Hell isn't worth talking about. Its strongest member is... Bael? And he's lost all his powers. Now, Deity Auger wishes to make up for the sins of the past."

Kristoff nodded. "That's why we came to help Maiura when the Plague attacked."

Naturally, Linda remembered when they intervened. The Demon Deities made a big difference in the battle and saved many lives, even if they weren't able to offer salvation to all of humanity's soldiers.

"So that's it then? You want to help us rebuild? Put the past behind us?" Linda asked. "That is an awfully good deal for us."

"We have plenty of free hands idling around." Kristoff explained. "Trillions and trillions of demons. You lack manpower more than anything."

"Ahem!" Melody loudly cleared her throat and shot a death glare at the other two Deities. "Aren't you two _forgetting_ something?"

Yardrat shook his head. "Our offer today has nothing to do with that."

"Why not?" Melody asked, before turning her head to look at Linda. "I should have known he wouldn't volunteer this information. He wanted to speak to you before you found out."

Linda met Melody's gaze. "What are you talking about?"

"There's been a change in the galactic status quo. Multiple changes." Melody explained.

She quickly launched into an explanation of the events regarding the fall of the Psions, as well as the rise of the Dolgrimites. Linda listened attentively, but her expression changed when the Dolgrimites were brought up.

"They can defeat the Plague?! Melody, why didn't you mention this to me sooner?"

"The battle between the Dolgrimites and Kolvaxians only happened yesterday." Melody explained, though her tone was apologetic. "Auger convened the Deities less than an hour ago to inform us all. He _didn't_ invite me, but I found out anyway because I'm nobody's fool. Now the demons are debating whether or not to align themselves with the Dolgrimites."

Melody shifted her eyes to Yardrat and sneered. "You really think you're slick. You wanted to quickly make a deal with the humans before they knew the full picture."

"It's not like that at all!" Yardrat replied, raising his palms in protest. "We were already going to make this offer. Our consciences have been heavy-"

"Cut the crap." Melody retorted. "If you don't, I'll personally kick you off Sharmur. Don't blame me for getting pissy!"

Yardrat inwardly groaned. He had hoped this discussion wouldn't involve Melody, but she shoved her way into Linda's office and ruined his plans. Now he had to change the script on the fly. He was a fairly intelligent demon, but he was no Ose, nor Satan, nor one of their other high-level strategists.

"...Alright. I'll be blunt then." Yardrat said after a few moments of silence. "I don't trust the Dolgrimites. They might act like they are our saviors, but this 'Dolgris' worries me. We don't know who their 'god' is, but we suspect he isn't a fantasy conjured out of thin air. The Dolgrimites were able to defeat Kolvaxors with the power of Middle Cosmics. How they did this is beyond me. They are clearly mortal beings, yet they can fight Cosmics. That makes them dangerous."

Yardrat continued. "If demonkind allies with the Dolgrimites, we will likely defeat the Plague, given time. But after that, what happens? We cannot trust them. We've already spent 100,000 years under the Volgrim Empire's thumb. We'll escape one master only to fall back under them, with a new figurehead at the top."

"You forgot to mention the most important part." Melody interjected. "You can't _control_ the Dolgrimites. But a weak humanity? A species confined to only two worlds, on its last legs? Humans would make for a better ally because you hope to slowly subvert their leadership positions while also praying they come up with their own countermeasure for the Plague."

"Melody, please-" Kristoff started to say.

"Shut up!" Melody snapped. "I see right through your intentions! You're not looking for an ally, you're looking for slaves! You plan to slowly turn humanity back into cattle so that you can return to consuming their souls! Especially with the Belial Booster gone, you're right back to the old status quo!"

"We have Glinch's pills now." Yardrat said, his expression dark. "We don't need human souls to uplift lower demons."

"Those pills have run out, their supply is finite, and nobody knows how long it will take for Glinch to make more." Melody retorted. "Who are you trying to fool?"

Yardrat started to feel exasperated. He turned his attention back to Linda. "Commander Adams, think carefully. The First Hell was your enemy, but what have the other Hells ever done to you in the last six years? We have only helped you, time and time again. The knee-jerk reaction in the Core might have been distasteful, but all we did was retake our proper territory. Now we're offering to help you rebuild. Aren't you at least interested in this offer?"

Melody fell silent. She had already offered new information and ensured Linda was not in the dark regarding their intentions. Now, it was up to humanity's newest leader to take the initiative.

Linda locked her fingers together and folded her hands on the desk. She looked up at Yardrat and Kristoff, who remained standing. Several thoughts ran through her head, but she remained silent for a time as she pondered their words.

"Your intentions are not that noble, but I don't disagree with some of the things you've mentioned." Linda said. "Humanity needs to rebuild its infrastructure. This will take precious time we cannot afford. I feel that allowing in demons from your factions here will be as if we have invited foxes into the hen-house."

Linda rubbed her tongue along her teeth while she thought again for a moment.

"What do you want in return for demonkind's assistance?"

Yardrat shook his head. "Nothing. We have plenty of lower demons to spare. They will help you rebuild, then they will leave."

"Don't speak nonsense." Linda countered. "There's no such thing as a free meal. I'm not about to owe demonkind a huge favor."

"Humanity cannot offer us anything of value at the moment." Yardrat said. "What we value is your future potential. We are hoping you might come up with a way to counter the Plague. If you do, then that will mean we won't be reliant on the Dolgrimites. So, if you want to make this a transaction... then all I can ask is that you agree to work hard on developing a counter to the Plague."

Several seconds passed.

Linda seemed to resolve something in her mind. Then she slowly nodded.

"Alright. I will accept your aid in humanity's name. But there are going to be a few conditions. Your demons will be under the supervision of the Legion. If Henry or any of the other Legionnaires find anything amiss, they will cut down the demons responsible. Additionally, no demons above the rank of Lord will be allowed to assist."

Yardrat frowned slightly, but he ended up nodding. "Acceptable. Though it is strange you're limiting the aid you can receive."

Linda didn't seem to hear his words. "Melody will be in charge of vetting any demons you dispatch to us. Melody, you can put Beelzebub or Kiari on this task if you find it too troublesome."

"Don't worry. I'll handle it." Melody said.

The other two Deities looked at each other and nodded. They returned their gazes to Linda.

"Well, with that resolved, we'll be on our way then. Thank you for giving us a few minutes of your time, Miss Adams."

Linda stood up from her chair. "Yardrat. Kristoff. Let's hope this is the beginning of a fruitful relationship between our species."

The two Deities smiled. After a few moments, their Astral Bodies faded away, disappearing into the dust of the cosmos.

With their auras gone, Linda's shoulder sagged a little. She sat back in her chair and looked up at Melody.

"Thank you for coming. If you hadn't been here, they might have deceived me."

"The result would have been about the same." Melody said softly. She lowered her arms to her sides and hooked her thumbs into her shorts' pockets. "I don't think we can trust them."

"Of course we can't." Linda said. "But... I'm tired, Melody. _I'm tired._ There's so much work to do. So many people broken, destitute, lacking all hope in a better future. We have no Wordsmiths. We only have each other, and humanity has already had its numbers split into pieces. We have people living on the Cube, on Pixiv, on Sharmur, in the Hall of Heroes, and in Chrona. We're divided. Everyone has a different opinion on what we should do next. And personally? I have no confidence my way is the right way. I'm just floundering about, praying my actions won't cause even greater harm to humanity."

Melody pursed her lips. "'Perfect' is the enemy of 'good enough.' You're right in that we need manpower to rebuild quickly. Even if these new demons have ill intentions, we'll be keeping an eye on them. You might not know this, but as a Cosmic, my senses are infinitely sharper than yours."

Seeing the confusion on Linda's face, Melody decided to explain. "I can project my Cosmic Sense over a massive area of the planet. I can sense every individual life-form, every Sentient, what they're doing, what they're saying; I can see everything but the thoughts in their heads. The same is true of the other Demon Deities, but not of mortals like Beelzebub, Kiari, or yourself."

She smiled. "So, don't worry too much. I'll keep an eye on these sneaky cunts."

Linda chuckled. "Thanks, Melody. I need all the help I can get."

With a nod, Melody vanished from sight, transporting out of the room stealthily back into the upper atmosphere.

Linda remained sitting for a bit. The smile on her face faded away.

_The Wordsmiths dead. Humanity in pieces. Demons boldly entering our territory. Dolgrimites countering the Plague..._

She laid back in her chair and looked up at the ceiling helplessly.

_What would Neil do if he were here?_