Part 318: A Little Lost Whisper

"Zzz... Zzz... Zzz..."

Bael peacefully slumbers, ignoring all the hullaballoo happening in the world around him. Sometimes, his foot reflexively kicks, in the same way a puppy's might as he imagines himself running free in a field.

"Hehe... kitty... pet kitty... pet bunny... hehe..."

Something tickles the Duke of Pain's ear. He leans his head to the side to try and itch the tickled part, but it only continues to tickle more.

"Hehe... stop it, mommy... don't make me stop pettin' da snakey... hehe..."

Progressively, that ticklish sensation grows more annoying.

Suddenly, Bael's eyes bolt open. He quickly sits up and scowls.

"Devil-dammit! Grr! What the heck is crawlin' around in my- aargh?!"

Bael howls in surprise when he sees a huge shadow floating before him in the darkness of an underground cavern. The Duke of Pain reflexively tries to slap the thing away, but his arms don't move the way they should, making him awkwardly shoulder-thrust before nearly falling forward.

"Huh? Huh?? Man, what the heck is goin' on here?! Yama! Why are you creepin' on a fella while he's sleeping? And where are we, anyway?!"

Yama, the Emperor of Shadows, lingers in the air a short distance from Bael, eying him up and down with annoyance.

"Tsk. Your soul is oddly stubborn. We have tried desperately to corrupt you, yet it is as if we have been pushing against an unbreakable wall. Not even an Emperor's soul should be this strong. Just what sort of demon are you?"

Bael blinks a few times.

"Corrupt me? Man, what the bloody hell is goin' on here? And why can't I move m'dang arms- ayo! Why am I tied up? Is this some kind of sick joke? And where are my clothes?!"

The Duke of Pain finds his arms tied behind his back, bound by some sort of shadowy enchantment. His new body, Ose's former one, also no longer bears any clothes, exposing his unmentionables for the world to see. Rather than feel embarrassed, Bael merely feels confused.

However, even the turtle-brained Duke manages to whirr up his neurons to form a possibility.

"...Wait a minute. Hold on a sec! You creep! Were you tryin'a turn me into one of your shadow-bitches? Dude! That's disgusting! Besides, I'm a guy! You only like women, you ding-dang creep!"

Yama's lurid gaze once again flashes across Bael's body, but this time, with a whole new intention.

"Kukuku... Bael, you are so ignorant. This Emperor does not care about some strange mental discrepancy. He only cares about the juicy parts on the outside, and your fleshly-vessel is more than adequate for our tastes. Long have we lusted for the taste of Ose's untouched figure. Whether it is your soul or hers inside, we do not discriminate..."

While Yama talks, Bael flicks his eyes around the room. He becomes even more shocked when he sees several unconscious demon women in a corner, all of them attended by Yama's Shades, who continuously pump shadow-energy into the minds of those who cannot fight back.

"Emperor Fae? Duke Hestia? And hey, ain't that little Mara, the Baron of Games? Man, you sick fuck! I knew you were bad, but this is a whole new level!"

Bael becomes angrier and angrier by the second. He whips his head back to scowl daggers at Yama, but the Shadow Emperor remains unmoved.

"Your anger makes us feel many things," Yama says. "But mostly, it fills us with lust. We like it when women fight back. There is no greater form of pleasure than dominating a helpless woman who cannot resist our advances! Kukuku!"

"Oh yeah?" Bael says. "You like hurting people weaker than you? Well, I don't. But tell ya what, pal. You've gone far enough this time. You're really _pissing me off_... and there's only one way _that_ ends."

Beal leans forward in his chair. Yama tightens the shadows binding his arms, but still, Bael possesses the same physical strength as Ose once did. His eyes become filled with rage as he calls upon the power that has rested within himself for nearly his entire existence.

"Grr! GRR! ME... me smash! Me... me beat you! Me... me..."

Bael continues trying to call upon that power. However, to his surprise, no matter how angry he gets, he fails to summon it to reality.

The power of the Balrog, a biological weapon that has caused even the mightiest Demon Emperors to tread lightly around him, does not manifest in his body.

Bael breathes heavily, shock and confusion on his face. "...Huh? It... it ain't coming out? The hell is goin' on?"

Yama continues to hover triumphantly before Bael, still unmoved by his displays of anger. While Bael slowly begins to realize just how many of his former abilities he has lost, Yama lunges out a hand to grab the Duke by his neck. He slams Bael back into the chair and looms over him, physically taking up more space as he expands his presence.

"We have craved that body for ages, Duke of Pain. Whether you reside in it, or Ose, we do not care. You have failed to comprehend the losses of your powers. You are not smart enough to wield Ose's lightning abilities, but neither do you possess your once-formidable physical power. With the First Hell in shambles, we can finally sneak about and steal all of the women we have wanted for ourselves. Diablo cannot stop us. You cannot stop us, and neither can Ose. The other Hidden Emperors remain oblivious to our intentions, as they have become locked in battle with the Archangels outside. They will not stop us in time... not before we quadruple the power of our Hell to overtake _all_ the others."

"You nasty fuckin' prick!" Bael shouts. "You... I shoulda killed ya when I had the chance! Everyone knows what a sick bastard you are!"

"Yes, they do," Yama acknowledges. "Ah, but greed and shortsightedness are the enemies of all those other Emperors. They will only care about our movements if we threaten their grip on power. That is why we have waited so long for the perfect opportunity. And now, it has arrived!"

Yama smiles evilly, though that moment of happiness only lingers for a moment before turning to annoyance.

"But... tsk. Your soul seems to be practically incorruptible. How can we transform you into the pleasure-servant your body was always meant to be? Such a perfect figure, wasted on an ice queen who never used it to service the pleasure of males like us. Ose always was a greedy wench. Perhaps we don't need to corrupt you after all. An unwilling participant _is_ more of a challenge, anyway."

As Yama's tone turns ominous, he pauses to flick his gaze nearby.

"Silent. Come here."

He gestures to one of his Shades, an amorphous blob of shadow that meekly flies to his side and levitates in the air, not saying a word.

"Hehehe. Silent, you are our secret weapon. We intend to violate Ose's body many times, so you will help us by pinning it in place. It's okay if the Duke of Pain struggles a little. That will only add to our 'fun.'"

"What the fuck?!" Bael roars. "The hell you will! You stupid, tiny-pricked bug! I'm still the Duke of Pain! When the other demons find out what you've done to me, they'll rip you apart!"

"Will they? Perhaps." Yama says. "Ah, but that depends on whether or not they uncover your plight. After all, perhaps a stray attack from the Archangel erased your existence? And really, our methods are hard to uncover. Nobody ever found out about the first Emperor we made our whore... hehehe."

Bael blinks. "What? The first Emperor? You're saying one of your Shades is an Emperor?! I ain't heard nothin' about that!"

"Of _course_ you haven't," Yama taunts. "Ah, our machinations lay undetected, for we are a master of deception. Look, Bael. Does this Shade not seem a little bit... _familiar_?"

Bael's gaze drops to the small floating blob of shadow beside Yama.

"Huh? Familiar? She's just a blob of shadow. I... I can't see shit."

"Mmm. Hehehehe! Perhaps this will jog your memory..." Yama says, his words drifting into the wind.

The Emperor of Shadows grabs onto the floating ball of shadow. She doesn't resist, allowing him to do whatever he pleases to her. Yama gropes and strokes the Shade, manipulating her figure until she once again assumes a demonic form, one with large horns, a surprisingly small body, and pure black skin.

Bael blinks twice. He stares at what looks like a little girl for several seconds, trying to recognize her. However, despite possessing a demon-shaped body, her appearance is far too alien compared to any demons Bael has ever seen, making him struggle to put the pieces together.

"This is 'Silent.'" Yama explains. "She was a lost little girl, all alone, crying in a corner, after the fleshbags took her brother from her. She couldn't protect herself from us when we caught her unawares. It was a simple matter, our first Emperor taken from behind. Kukuku! She cried many times during the conversion process. She begged us to stop, but we eventually made her into our loyal toy... just as we always do."

Bael's pupils constrict and enlarge several times as he listens. In the back of his mind, a thought far too horrifying begins to emerge.

"No... no way... that's not possible..."

"Ohoho... perhaps you do have some critical thinking capacity," Yama mocks. "Yes, indeed, this is the very same demoness you once thought missing. I believe you used to play in a band with her, didn't you, Duke of Pain? Her and her brother both..."

A tear slides down Bael's cheek. His jaw trembles as he gazes at a friend long-thought dead, but who instead suffered a horrific fate for over a hundred thousand years.

"Murmur... Murmur! Murmur, it's me, Bael! Oh, devils! DEVILS!! How could you do that to a little girl, Yama?! You monster! You horrible stinkin' monster!!"

"Women are our toys," Yama says. "That is all they are. Females have but one reason to exist, and that is to pleasure this Emperor in his eternal harem. What better fate could become of them? They know only happiness. They fulfill the one thing the Creator made them for."

Bael roars. He struggles against the bindings holding him in place. He kicks his feet at Yama, but this only causes the Shadow Emperor to admire his 'juicy' legs.

"Your body is so... delectable, Bael. We really would prefer corrupting you, but it seems doing so is impossible. Ah, well. We already have a second Emperor in our grasp. Soon, we will obtain Serena for ourselves, as well as any other whores fit for our needs."

He gestures with a finger toward the Duke of Pain. "Go on, Silent. Hold the Duke down and spread his legs. We have waited long enough."

The Shade meekly flies over to Bael's side and nods. She says nothing, and instead returns to her amorphous, shadow-blob-like form. A wave of telekinetic energy shatters Bael's demonstone chair and smashes him against the ground, pinning him in place and nearly breaking his arms in the process.

"Aaargh! Ah, fuck! Fuck-fuck-fuck! Murmur, girl! Stop! Don't let this creep control you! Fight back, dammit!"

"She has long ago lost any form of resistance," Yama laughs. "All of our sluts have. They do what they must at our behest. Not only so, but they even enjoy following our orders. They fight for our attention, hoping we will lavish them with the affection their bodies crave."

Yama drops to the floor and skitters over Bael.

"But you see, Bael, that is the truth of the matter. Females are innately whores and sluts. They are inferior creatures who must repress their feminine urges. All our power does is liberate those feelings and make them excited to serve us. You and the other demons always call us a monster, but aren't we actually quite pleasant and nice? We handle all the mundane matters, and in return, women become our servants. There is no greater calling in life for a female's body than to pleasure this Emperor."

Bael narrows his eyes.

"Is that what you tell yourself? I know a thing or two about women, pal! Lemme tell you, that ain't the truth! You're just making up lies to sound all smart! But the truth is, you're a tiny-dicked loser any woman would hate if they looked at ya! You only get your way by... by forcin' yourself on them! You keep talkin' about women 'liking' what you do... bullshit! You're just twisting their minds! You're nothing but a rapist! A loser rapist!"

"Tsk... a loser? I think not." Yama chuckles. "Losers lose. We win. That much is evidenced by the fact that we now have two more Emperor whores in our grasp. You can deny reality if you like, Bael, but we..."

Yama pauses mid-sentence.

Slowly, the Emperor of Shadows lifts his head to look across the room at a hazy figure materializing in the darkness.

"...What..."

Confused, Bael also tilts his head back, scraping his scalp on the floor. To his surprise, he finds a demon standing some distance away, a male with frazzled white hair, a leather jacket, and torn-up jeans.

The demon's existence appears shaky, as if he doesn't fully exist. However, Yama and Bael both immediately recognize him.

"S-Shax?!" Yama gasps. "Impossible! The Emperor of Resonance... he perished eons ago! What is this hallucination? This is a trick!"

Shax lifts his head. The normally lighthearted fellow's eyes burn with a smoldering rage.

"So. Yama. It was you... it was you who took my sister. You worked with Lucifer to draw me away, then you snatched my little sis while the humans gutted me."

Yama slowly levitates into the air, scrutinizing Shax's ghost-like body with curiosity, rather than fear.

"An errant soul? Kukuku... big words for the illusion of a once-mighty Emperor. We always did lust for your sister's body... and we got what we wanted. What can a single errant soul possibly do here? Go back to the Great Beyond."

Shax gnashes his teeth. A vicious expression unlike any ever seen in his life melts onto his face.

"No... I don't think I will, you black-hearted bastard. I think I'm gonna remind you... why _nobody_ fucked with the Hell of Isolation when I was around."

Emperor Shax kicks his foot against the dirt, rockets forward, and sends a spin-kick flying at Yama. The Emperor of Shadows stands his ground, conjuring a wall of shadows to shield himself. Darkness lances fly out and stab at the ghostly Emperor, but instead of impaling him, they pass harmlessly through his body.

"Kukuku! As expected! You're only an illus-"

Yama's words get cut off when Shax's flying kick smashes into his shadow-body, releasing a sound-shockwave that blasts Yama backward and sends him screaming into a wall. He explodes into smoke, and after a moment, his figure reforms automatically.

"What?! Your body is real?!" Yama exclaims.

Shax continues running toward Yama.

"Oh, I'm real. I'm _really_ gonna kick your ass!"

Yama starts to raise his hands to cast a spell. However, to his alarm, he remembers an important fact.

_The soul shackles! No!_

Yama's body becomes locked in place, unable to move. However, for some reason, despite launching previous attacks, Shax's body doesn't! He continues racing toward Yama, making the Shadow Emperor flinch in fear.

"Nooo!"

Shax punches and kicks the air like a machine-gun. Each attack launches a soundwave at Yama, battering the Emperor of Shadows against the wall and knocking him around like a pinball. Yama screams and howls in pain, but Shax doesn't relent. He continues kicking every flavor of shit out of the Shadow Emperor, glaring hatefully at the monster who enslaved his sister.

"You're garbage, Yama! You don't even deserve to go in the trash!"

Shax pummels the Shadow Emperor into the dirt, then fires off a couple dozen more shockwaves for good measure, leaving Yama to lay motionless, groaning in pain.

"You... you cheater... how... how can you move?! The soul shackles..."

"It doesn't feel good to have someone pin you down while you can't fight back, does it, bro?" Shax scoffs. "I've barely even started. We let you get away with too much for too long."

Shax flickers away from Yama to arrive beside Emperor Fae, Duke Hestia, and Baron Mara, as well as a dozen other demonesses currently pinned by Yama's Shades. With a casual wave of his hand, Shax kills all of the Shades, finally freeing them from their eternal servitude, but also releasing Yama's future victims from their entrapment.

After their bindings shatter, all the women sink into the chairs and hazily blink their eyes open. Clouds of dark energy linger in their gazes, the results of Yama's partial corruption. Emperor Fae appears the least affected. She quickly stands up, only for her knees to wobble awkwardly. She catches herself and shoots a hateful glance at Yama, lying on the ground some distance away.

"YOU!"

Mara, the Baron of Games, also awakens. Unlike Fae, however, her mental state appears far less intact. She drowsily opens her eyes, then rolls to the side and falls off the chair where she was restrained, slapping against the floor.

"Nnn..."

Duke Hestia, a demoness from the Hell of Blood, regains consciousness as well. She helps Mara to her feet, leaving the fight between Emperors to Shax and Fae.

At the same time, the bindings holding Bael finally break apart. The Duke of Pain clambers to his feet and takes up a defensive stance.

"I don't get what the heck is goin' on, but this seems great. Let's kick Yama's ass!"

Shax turns to Fae. "Yama tried to make you into one of his pets. I have freed you."

"Thanks!" Fae says. "I'm gonna rip that bastard a new- wait... hold the hell up! Are you... Shax?!"

"I am." Shax replies.

"And just how in the Seven Hells are you alive?! Everyone knows you died!" Fae exclaims. "And your body is kinda ghost-like. Are you a ghost?!"

For once, Shax appears stumped.

"I don't know what I am. All I know is, I awoke here after learning of my sister's fate."

He gestures toward a motionless Shade standing in a corner of the underground chamber. 'Silent,' also known as Murmur, hovers by herself, away from all the fighting. Having left Bael when Yama fought Shax, she says nothing, only opting to remain isolated from the others.

Fae gapes at the Shade. "Wait... your sister? So... Yama corrupted Emperor Murmur?!"

"Devil-damned right he did," Bael says. "I can't believe this sick fuck. We're gonna have to beat him so badly even the ancient Emperors feel sorry for him."

Within moments, Bael, Fae, and Shax advance on Yama's frozen form. The Emperor of Shadows struggles to break free of Yumagi's soul shackles, but so long as he stands within the Archangel's battle radius, he cannot break free.

Yama glowers at Murmur's solitary figure. "Aaargh! Silent! Get over here and protect your master! All the rest of you whores too, we need protection!"

Instantly, Murmur and a thousand other Shades materialize around Yama, forming a shield of shadows to protect him. Murmur's addition to the living barrier forces Shax to pause. He gazes at all the identical shadow-women, not sure which Shade is his sister.

Bael also slows to a halt. "You chicken-shit! Hiding behind a bunch of girls! Man, what a loser punk you are, Yama!"

However, Fae doesn't slow down at all. She gurgles cruelly in her throat, the sound a mixture of a laugh and a rare-filled roar. "KUHUHU... I'm going to enjoy killing this rapist, once and for all!"

Fae summons bone armor to envelop her body. At the same time, she materializes four beads of demonic energy, then rears back to hurl the balls of destructive mana at Yama.

"Wait!" Bael shouts. "Shax's sister is-"

"I couldn't give less of a damn!" Fae laughs. "That shadow-bitch is long gone! Eat shit and die, Yama!!"

She hurls the explosive orbs at Yama. They rocket through the air, destabilizing once they leave her grasp to transform into terrifyingly powerful mana bombs.

Shax's pupils shrink to pinpricks. "No!"

The Emperor of Resonance rushes forward, swings his palm in an upward arc, and fires a shockwave below the path of the mana bombs. He knocks them off their trajectory and flings them straight upward, where they crash into the ceiling.

_BOOOOM!!_

An Emperor-level blast detonates in the confined chamber, sending Fae, Shax, and Bael flying backward. At the same time, the cavern's roof explodes into the sky, firing thousands of tons of rock and dirt into the upper atmosphere, where it will eventually come falling back down over the next hour or two.

Every participant in the underground battle finds themselves frozen in place, all except for Shax, who has shown himself to be somehow immune to Yumagi's soul shackles. Buried under a few tons of rubble, Shax easily casts it away and stands up, wincing as his soul-body destabilizes somewhat. His existence becomes more immaterial.

In the moments before his body breaks apart and he disappears, the Emperor of Resonance casts one last look at Bael, Fae, and the other demons he helped save.

"Save... Murmur... Bael..." Shax groans.

He falls to his knees. Bael opens his eyes just in time to see Shax's body start to evaporate.

"What? Shax! SHAX!"

Shax lifts his head. As his vision wavers, he casts one last regretful glance at Hell Harbor's sky above.

And in that moment, his soul becomes frozen with fear.

In the sky above, a horrible monster, something too terrifying to imagine, hovers above Hell Harbor's landmass. Its distinctive holy energy signature marks it as an enemy that will inspire the most primal of fears in any creature unfortunate enough to gaze upon it.

Shax's body fades away, but one last thought lingers in his mind.

_Is... that... monster... an... Archangel...?_