Part 153: Death's Arrival

**[Recommended Listening](https://youtu.be/eYGT9E5ZxMI)**

Valac's empty eye sockets gaze upon Heaven's battlefield. The vision of dozens of his clones detail scenes of chaos to the Reaper, revealing the extent of the war between demons and angels. Losers and victors emerge on both sides. Some beings perish while screaming in pain, while others die resolutely, too proud to let a single sound escape their lips.

_What a wonderful symphony of death,_ The Grim Reaper reflects. _The greatest terror comes when one takes their last breath. For many, their survival hangs on the edge of a knife. For me, my power governs death and life._

Valac lightly touches his head. No longer is his face a pristine, unblemished demon skull, but instead, a twisted amalgamation of melted ossein and chipped bone. His boney hand trembles as he caresses his disfigured visage.

_How wrong I was to underestimate the Devil; my first adversary. His pet Archangel attacked my soul and left me a heavy burden to carry. The scars Samael carved stretch from my scalp to my heel. I escaped with my life, but my body may never heal._

The battlefield fades away, leaving Valac inside of a dank, dark cave. Hundreds of bones lay scattered against the walls, each of them telling a tale of torture and barbarism. Angels, Demons, Humans, Titans, and even several belonging to animals lay piled together in foot-high clumps.

In the center of the circular room, a single pedestal stands alone, rising two feet from the ground. Its flat top holds the only thing providing light in the small cave; Valac's lantern.

The lantern glows a soft blue, while occasionally flickering green and red as millions of souls dance about inside of it.

Voices whisper to one another in pain. "Valac... traitor... monster..."

Valac sits atop a small rock without any rags to cover his bones. His body slumps forward, and his frail, cracked bones creak as he heaves a sigh.

"Haah... why do the weak resist the strong, even when they stand no chance? As the centuries pass, I tire of fighting ants. Unaware of their frailty, they seek to leave their names etched into the riverbanks of time... but all of them will eventually die, for fate moves with neither reason nor rhyme."

With great effort, Valac raises two of his arms and hovers them over his lantern. Immediately, the whispers of the souls contained within die down, leaving the room silent. Valac hardens his gaze, and a single blue soul escapes the gravitational pull of the others, then flies out and lands in his palm.

"...This one will do."

Valac's eyes flash, and a red light shines on the tiny little soul. A moment later, he flippantly tosses it toward the ground. It explodes into ash, and a new copy of the Grim Reaper springs into existence. His bones creak and crack, then transform into a perfect facsimile of the Valac seated next to his lantern.

However, one slight difference makes the newly formed clone stand apart from the former. Unlike his creator, the clone stands upright without any difficulties. He does not hunch over, nor choke out pained gasps. Simply put, he appears much more robust in stature and spirit than his creator.

The new clone stares at his master for a moment before nodding. "This soul clone understands your intent. I have copied your memories. I will go, now."

"Wait."

The weak, hunched-over Valac coughs into his fist, then reaches into the lantern. He procures three more souls, then forms them into three additional soul clones. After a moment, he tosses their differently-colored balls of light toward the ground, causing three new clones to explode into existence beside the first one.

"Take these three as backup," The weak and sickly-looking Valac murmurs. "It isn't as though we suffer from a lack of quality souls."

The vision of Valac's clones from all across Heaven merges with his new clones, as well as the original seated before the lantern. Their soulless eyes shine for a moment, and the four new clones nod. "We will probe the weaknesses of our enemies."

"Go."

Valac gestures with his hands, and the four soul-clones fall into the ground, becoming one with the Earth. After they leave, they begin traveling to an unknown destination, leaving the former Valac behind.

"Keh, keh..." Valac coughs raspily. "How fortunate for each of my children to have a spirit borne of perfection. Were I to merge a soul with mine, I would suffer a significant rejection. Satan is lucky; being able to absorb other souls to strengthen his own. I lack such a luxury; so instead, I must rely on reanimated bones."

With a wave of his hand, Valac sighs and summons four more. They, too, fall into the ground and travel to an unknown destination.

"If only I were strong enough to leave; then perhaps my vengeance I might eventually achieve. For now, I will keep my distance and gaze from afar. After all, my soul is in no rush to suffer another scar."

---

All around Heaven's battlefield, cries of surprise erupt among the ranks of demons and angels as inconceivably powerful emanations of mana appear out of nowhere. Valac's clones spring into existence, startling members of both warring factions. Several Titans falter and stumble as they sense the mana of the Grim Reaper.

"What? Valac has returned?!"

"No!! Not the Grim Reaper! Not the one who slew the White Tiger tribe!!"

"Flee! We can't fight him! His scythe will kill us in one blow!"

Many of the Titans lose their battle spirit. They run in every direction, stampeding through the angels and demons in terror as they try to run to the distant corners of Heaven. Their feet pulverize anyone unfortunate enough to stand in their path. Only Zeus remains unmoved. He and Gabriel continue to battle Lucifer's Hydra. Despite their best efforts, twelve new Hydra heads swarm in every direction, snapping and biting the Archangel of Power and the Titan King.

"Huwaaah!"

Gabriel grunts and slams his foot into the ground as he wrestles with three of the Hydra's heads. The impact from his foot sends a shockwave through the soil, flinging a hundred nearby demons and angels into the air. The angels quickly right themselves with their wings and cut apart the demons before they can react.

"How are we to slay this beast?!" Zeus exclaims in disgust. He flips around on the Hydra's back, dodging the four heads targeting him, while occasionally using his two lightning rods to batter the Hydra's shell. "For every head we slay, two more take its place!"

With only seven of the Hydra's heads occupied, three others begin breathing fire into the skies, blasting cherubs and seraphs to ashes before they can dodge. The last two shoot bolts of lightning at Gabriel from a distance, keeping out of his melee range.

_Kzzat! Kzzat!_

"Perhaps try not ripping off any other heads!" Gabriel howls in exasperation. He winces as bolts of Hydra lightning splash against his back, sending pain ripping through his nervous system. "We need backup! Where is Michael?!"

Zeus quickly glances around the battlefield. The Hydra doesn't give him enough time to examine the various skirmishes spattered in every direction. "I haven't a clue!"

"Curses!"

Gabriel returns to subduing the colossal beast, but his courage wavers as he realizes this is not a battle he's likely to win without uncovering the Hydra's weakness.

...

Elsewhere, Bael and Camael pause their battle and stare in shock as four of Valac's clones materialize between them. Two of the clones turn to stare at Camael, while the other two meet Bael's gaze. Shock races through Camael's heart as she gazes upon the clones standing before her, while Bael only appears mildly surprised.

"The Grim Reaper survived?!" Camael gasps. "Accursed fiend!"

"Well, I'll be damned," Bael replies. "I don't believe it! Satan said you died, you ol' crumbly-bones, you!"

One of the clones raises a skeletal finger. "Bael. You may have counted me among the departed, but sadly for you, this war has only just started. I come before you while bearing a heavy grudge. A punishment is yours to carry; that is what I have judged."

Bael raises an eyebrow. He starts to reply, but at that moment, a flash of fire ignites in the sky, emitting light as bright as Gabriel's attack from earlier. Seconds later, Bael and a few other nearby demons gasp as two massive fireballs begin streaking across the sky. Every so often, the two fireballs release smaller bursts of flame, scorching nearby angels to ash.

Bael's hands begin to tremble. "Aw, shit... no... no... say it ain't so..."

The two fireballs continue streaking around, and as they come closer, Bael's trembling turns into full-body shuddering.

"NO! NO!" Bael howls at the top of his lungs. "Valac! You fucking bastard! How could you do this to me?!"

Valac doesn't respond. His clones watch silently as the fireballs — now revealed to be fire-type demons — rush toward the ground, and Bael, at full speed.

_THOOM!_

Azazel and Azog crash into the dirt and send molten rock spewing toward Bael. He doesn't even flinch as thousand-degree debris sprays across his body and adheres to his skin. His body, sculpted by dark demonic gods, completely ignores the intense heat smoldering upon it.

Instead, tears well up in Bael's eyes as the two fabulously-dressed demons jump out of their landing area and smile mischievously at him.

Azazel begins prancing around Bael's right side and giggling in a sing-songy voice. "♫Look, Azog! Bael's here, just like Valac said!♫"

Azog mimics his brother, but flanks Bael from the left. "♫Of course! I told you not to worry your little head!♫"

"♫I have an idea!♫" Azog says with a laugh. He claps his hands and grins like a madman. "♫Let get with Bael and play a little game!♫"

"♫What a splendid thought! When it comes to our little boo-boo, we don't have any shame!♫"

Both demons playfully fire bolts of fire at Bael, which do absolutely nothing to him, but the sudden wave of heat does rouse him from his stupor. "Bloody hell! Go away, both of you! You fuckers always drive me up the wall!!"

Camael stares at Bael and his two new 'friends' in disbelief. A moment later, her eyes shift to the Grim Reaper's four clones. All of them wordlessly turn to meet her gaze.

"Hello, Archangel of _Divination._ I wonder, were you able to predict this situation? Everything set before you today was part of my creation. One might even say it took a great deal of preparation."

A scythe materializes in the grasp of one of Valac's clones. The others float in three directions, but their speed seems leisurely at best. It takes them nearly ten seconds to surround the Archangel of Divination, but she keeps her eyes locked on the clone wielding the scythe.

"Valac. Contrary to thy beliefs, I did see this day coming. I will admit that thou dids't not appear in my visions, but this war did. I saw victory fall within my people's grasp, but we also will end up paying a heavy toll. Thou shalt not succeed in thy plans. We will slay thee, and regain control of Earth."

Valac scoffs. "Unlikely. All of angelkind and demonkind dance in my palm. Even when Satan dealt me a most grievous blow, I took care to stay calm. Despite various setbacks, everything has gone right as a whole. A few missteps mean little when all of the pawns will eventually fall under my control."

Camael narrows her eyes. "Thou dost plan to slay our people and revive them as thy tools, that much is certain. After thousands of years, we've learned how thy abilities function. Do not look down on us, Reaper. Angels know more of violence and bloodshed than thou could ever imagine."

Valac pauses.

After a moment, he nods.

"Indeed. The tales I've heard would make you weep. There are few things sadder than peons acting like sheep. Do you think your eldest brother has never fed you a load of crock? If you knew what I knew, your heart would suffer quite the shock."

"The only liar on this battlefield is thee, Reaper," Camael mutters. "Thy words are poison. It would take a being far mightier and more majestic than thee to turn me against my family. The filth spewing from thy mouth does little more than churn my stomach."

Valac grips his scythe tighter. One of the other clones tilts its head to watch Gabriel and Zeus struggling against the Hydra. All four of them take a few moments to survey the battlefield before crouching down and readying themselves to attack. 

"I'm only trying to help you, Archangel, and give you a little education. Your fantasies mean little to me, the one bent on your subjugation. If you wish to daydream of ponies and rabbits, far be it for me to interfere. Since we are both prophets of a sort, I need only ensure you disappear. It won't do for there to be two seers."

"Does my existence bother thy empty heart that much, Reaper?" Camael prods. A sneer crosses her face. "I suppose if thou dost eliminate me, then thou shalt be the only doomsayer left. Unfortunately for thee, I have the same idea. If I kill thee, then I will regain my ability to reshape the future. Thou art my greatest obstacle to saving my people."

"You can't save anyone," Valac hisses. "You'd do whatever your Creator told you, even if he struck you blind. You'll follow his will to the very end... even if it means the extinction of angelkind."

"The angels won't die!" Camael yells. Valac's words strike a nerve. "But, I know one ugly bastard who will!"

The Archangel jumps at Valac's clone. He swings his scythe down to impale her back, but she deftly blocks it with her shield and slams her hammer against his chest.

_Kshhh!_

Valac's bones explode into powder. His Scythe vanishes and reappears in the hands of the nearest clone.

"Struggle all you want, Archangel, but you'll never kill me! I'm immortal, unstoppable; my death is an impossibility!"

Valac's three remaining clones rush at Camael from all three sides. The Archangel raises her shield and blocks them while swinging her hammer for a counter-attack.

Meanwhile, Bael bolts away from the Reaper and Archangel. He flees for his life as the Sunshine Brothers fly after him. 

"LEAVE ME ALONE!!" The Duke of Pain screams.

"♫Don't run away, Bael! You're the worst!♫" Azazel yells.

"♫Come play pattycake with us; you can even go first!" Azog adds.

"I DON'T WANNA GO FIRST! I'D RATHER DIE THAN TALK TO YOU! UWAAAH!"

The mightiest Duke, Bael, dashes away from his worst enemies as fast as his powerful body can take him, leaving the Archangel of Divination to fend for herself. He plows through angels and demons alike as they get in his way, sending heads and arms rolling as he tears through anyone unlucky enough to end up in his path.

"OUTTA THE WAY, DUMBASSES!"

Several angels spot the barrel-chested demon thundering toward them, but they haven't a moment to escape. Their lives end tragically as a shrieking madman stomps them into puddles of blood.

As Bael flees, Valac manipulates a different clone near the outskirts of the battlefield. It floats underground after turning its body aetherial, only to eventually pop up behind a tree several hundred feet away from the war unfolding in Heaven.

"Eeyah!"

A demoness shrieks in surprise as she spots Valac's clone. Almost immediately, she steadies her breathing. "V-Valac?! You scared the shit out of me!"

Valac's clone nods at her. "Berith, my former Third Emperor, now a pawn of Satan the Devil. I can only wonder what he offered you to turn against someone of my level."

Berith quickly peeks around the tree toward the hundreds of nearby angels and demons ripping each other to shreds, then turns her attention back to Valac. "What are you, dense? I didn't turn against you! I've always been your most faithful servant! Don't lump me in with the likes of Belial and Lucifer. Anyway, I didn't know you were still alive. After a year of silence, I thought Satan's attack might have actually annihilated your soul."

Berith's annoyance fades into the back of her mind. She crosses her arms and huffs. "So, where have you been? I didn't expect to see you here of all places, but the ancient devils know you can't resist going wherever there's death and destruction."

Valac stares at Berith for a moment. Eventually, he nods, satisfied by her answer. "I knew you wouldn't enjoy working for Satan, after seeing the power I've displayed. Satan's attack dealt a grievous wound and caused my soul to decay. It took time to pull myself back from the edge of life and death, but now I've returned to drag more souls down to the depths. If you're still my most loyal agent, then I've a mission for you to fulfill. I have my eye on a dangerous foe; someone I need you to kill."

Berith's eyes brighten immediately. "Just like before, eh? You don't waste time! As long as it isn't Satan, I can probably do it. There aren't many shadows around here, though. Fighting has proven quite tricky, today."

Valac's eyes glint ominously. "Satan is a mountain, while you are an ant. His power is infinite, while yours is scant. Worry not about him; leave his demise to me. Your mark is a soft one; a Titan named Hercules."

"Hercules."

Berith rolls the Titan's name around on her tongue.

"Right. I know the bastard. He nearly wiped out all of Lucifer's cronies, and Satan too. Damn shame, that. Would have saved us some trouble."

Valac nods. "Indeed. Hercules' body is iron, and his muscles are stone slabs. Beyond that, his greatest talent is the gift of gab. He has the power to turn my arisen against me, but only if they pledge to him their loyalty. He exploits my inability to control minds, then seizes control of my puppet's bodies. As you can imagine, such a situation is beyond shoddy. Eliminate him, and I will reward you bountifully."

Berith's eyes sparkle for a moment as she takes a moment to comprehend Valac's words. However, she quickly stuffs her emotions down and crosses her arms. "A reward, hm? Good. I deserve it. I'm not like that hussy, Nerissa. I've always been at your side. I want you to name me as your Second Emperor. I won't accept anything less!"

"Kss."

Valac hisses quietly to himself. Several seconds later, he nods. "That's what I like about you - your simple-minded desire for prominence. When I rate you against other demons, it becomes clear that you'll stop at nothing to achieve dominance. Very well, kill Hercules, and I'll give you what you deserve. In order to find him, you need only look North and observe."

Valac gestures past the tree toward the other side of the battlefield. Berith follows his directions and squints as she peers into the distance. "Too many people fighting. Can't see past them."

"One of my spies has their eyes on him now; you'd laugh if you saw the sweat dripping off his brow. Go now, Berith, and be sure to spare his soul. Once he dies, his powers will be _mine_ to control."

A look of realization spreads across Berith's face. "Wait, you intend to control Hercules? To take him as one of your undead?"

"But of course," Valac replies, as he begins to sink into the ground. "I can only control those who have perished, excluding their minds. I rule the dead, but Hercules the living; that much I have divined. With him as my servant, I will become the master of all beings; their king on high."

Valac finishes sinking into the dirt, leaving Berith behind with only her thoughts.

The Emperor of Backstabbing shivers in anticipation.

_Oh, yes! I can't believe it! I'm finally going to become Valac's number two!! Eeeh! I can finally take my place at his side and rule as his queen! Nobody will dare to talk down to me ever again!_

Berith transforms into a shadow and pounces underneath a nearby rock. She follows up by teleporting under the shoe of an angel fighting for his life, then continues jumping toward her ultimate destination.

_Oh, Titan, you can't die quick enough! Now, just where, exactly, are you...?_

...

Elsewhere, on the other side of the battlefield, a young, ambitious Titan gazes through the eyes of his angelic puppets at the war unfolding before him.

_Finally, the Reaper has come. If I were to enslave him, I would gain control over life and death. However, I would never do such a thing. For his crimes against my people, Valac must die. I will send off the souls he captured and return them to the bosom of the ancient ancestors. Only then will my revenge be complete._

A faint smile trails off Hercules' lips.

_Everything is working out well, so far, but I mustn't grow complacent._

Suddenly, a strange scene catches Hercules attention. The vision of one of his angelic servants vanishes, but the last thing they see startles Hercules.

"The Duke of Pain is... fleeing from an enemy? What unthinkable terror could cause such an unstoppable warrior to flee for his life?"

The young Titan evaluates his demonic opponent with caution. If ever they were to fight, their battle would reshape the balance of power across Heaven's battlefield.