Part 545: Act of Defiance

Hope Hiro and his fiancé, Amelia Greyheart, stand inside a small chamber within the central nexus of the Hall of Heroes. Before Hope stands a slender, narrow platform with a Heroic Artifact resting atop it. This platform happens to cradle none other than the Dominion Rod, an item possessing the soul of the First Hero to have ever walked the mortal plane... King Jepthath.

Jepthath himself stands opposite the artifact. He and every other person in the chapter remain completely silent, watching as Hope holds his palms above the artifact, beads of sweat silently sliding down his forehead. For thirty minutes, he has held this pose, silently struggling with a task of some significance.

_Almost there._ Solomon thinks, watching from the side. _Shouldn't be long now._

Jepthath closes his eyes. He takes a deep breath, inhaling spiritual energy, while focusing his mind.

At that moment, Hope's pupils become visibly relaxed. His shoulders sag, and his arms flop to his side. He starts to stumble backward, and Amelia catches him.

"Suc...cess..." Hope gasps, before his legs give out underneath him.

Amelia helps the Wordsmith sag to the floor. He lays there for a good few minutes, while Solomon, Elizabeth Kindelmann, and several other Trueborn Heroes including Moses and Aaron all offer words of praise, thanking the young man for his hard work.

"You have done well." Jepthath says, opening his eyes. His irises momentarily glow bright white before the color recedes, returning his eyes to their ordinary blue color. "The connection has been perfectly established."

Despite his anticipation, Solomon controls his emotions. He waits until Hope, ever the hero of the hour, can regain some of his stamina and shakily stand back up with Amelia's help.

"So it worked?" Hope finally asks Jepthath. "You've connected to all of humanity?"

"Not all of them." Jepthath says slowly. "My power, as well as that of the Dominion Rod, will not be able to influence or connect to any humans who are already Trueborn or Lowborn Heroes. Additionally, humans who have built up significant amount of spiritual power may resist the connection. That being said, how many humans as of yet possess such qualifications? No more than a handful, I would imagine."

Hope nods slowly. "Can you project your visions through the staff?"

A few moments pass. Jepthath holds up a hand, causing the crystal in the center of the Dominion Rod to flash bright white. A beam of energy radiates outward, transforming the entirety of the chamber into a 360-degree panoramic view of a street locale somewhere on Tarus II.

Hope and the others find themselves visually transported to a picnic bench where a pretty red-haired girl bats her eyelashes at them, laughing at some previously unheard joke. Strangely enough, a pair of hands lift up a large sandwich filled with meat, and that sandwich moves across the three-dimensional space toward the Dominion Rod before partially disappearing, then reappearing with a huge bite taken out of it.

"Mmm, so good." A man's voice says, though it's unclear who the speaker is. "Love this place. That goblin cooks the best meat topside of the plateau."

Around the picnic bench, dozens of humans, monsters, and demons walk around and frolic inside the local park, the central community area intended for these sorts of meetups.

Hope turns around, and discovers that the clarity of the world drops significantly within a strict 90-degree viewing cone. Beyond that, it becomes a hazy fog with only faint grey apparitions of potential things moving about that the person whose eyes they seem to be viewing through cannot actually see.

"So that's how it works." Hope says. "You can connect to the mind of any human on Tarus II and see the world through their eyes?"

"I can do a lot more than that." Jepthath says calmly. "I can control their minds and force my will upon them, if I so desire. I can read their thoughts and look into their memories. I can make them share pain and pleasure. I can unite all of them, alter their desires, and much, much more."

Hope nods slowly, but a look of displeasure crosses his face.

"No... I don't think you should be doing any of that. Look, this will allow all of us to get a look at what's happening in the outside world. We can keep an eye on everyone and secretly ensure the demons aren't infiltrating our ranks."

He looks at Jepthath pointedly. "But interfering with humanity's free will? I draw the line there. I know that your powers were once considered necessary as humanity was in a crisis of extinction, but unless we reach that point again, I do NOT want to impose such a life upon what remains of our species."

Solomon nods. "I agree. Jepthath, don't go too far. Hope has established this connection so the Hall of Heroes can always maintain contact with the outside world. But it would not be appropriate for us old fogeys to take action except in the direst of emergencies."

"I am not a child, Knowledge-Seeker." Jepthath says mildly. "I know what limits should and should not be breached. I am content to sit back and let this era's two Heroes have at one another as they learn the ropes. I simply offer my guidance and talents if they wish to use them."

"Alright. I'm glad we understand each other." Hope says with a smile. "Now, I suppose I should ask, can you identify any humans you were unable to connect to?"

Jepthath falls silently for a moment. He starts waving his hands, surprising Hope as the spherical room changes to show the entire planet of Tarus II levitating in the void, its surface wrapping around and enveloping the Dominion Rod. Hundreds of thousands, if not millions of dots seemingly devour one rather small area on one of the planet's continents, with a few scattered dots nearby and almost none in other places across the planet.

"I am connected not only to Tarus II's humans, but those inside the Labyrinth, and elsewhere, such as Maiura." Jepthath explains. "So far, I have not been able to connect with the minds of any of the humans who died and were resurrected as The Respected. Their spiritual potential has become too substantial for the Rod to make a connection. The same is true of certain key T-REX users, such as Private Ashley McCarthy. Finally, there are individuals such as Neil Adams, Phoebe Hiro, and others like them who you Wordsmiths blocked off with your magic. I cannot forge a connection to their minds."

Hope quickly waves his hand. "That- that's fine. We don't need to see into Neil's mind, and certainly not Phoebe's. It wouldn't be appropriate."

Amelia glances at Hope and raises an eyebrow. "To say the least."

Hope smiles at his fiancé and kisses her cheek. "You're cute when you're jealous."

...

An hour later, after Hope and Jepthath have reviewed the possibilities of the new Dominion-Net, as Hope has taken to calling it, the Wordsmith finds a question crossing his mind.

"So wait, you can't connect to humans who have grown in spiritual potential?" Hope asks. "Then what about humans you CAN connect to, who _later_ become spiritually powerful?"

"Ah, as in humans who ascend only after I've established a connection." Jepthath says. "In those cases, my connection will still be integrated within them, but if they discover it, they will likely be able to pull it out."

"That's too bad." Hope mutters.

"When I roamed the Earth, eons ago, my power was used only to subjugate lowers humans and grant them the single power I possessed; that of the fallen Titan King, Hercules." Jepthath explains. "Tremendous strength, speed, and durability. It could turn any man into a fearsome killing machine. With our minds united, we became a force capable of slaughtering gods. But the downside was... our powers were quite simplistic."

Jepthath shrugs.

"Great strength certainly is incredible in matters of war, but we live in an era where metallic vehicles float in the void, capable of bombarding planets from afar with blasts of war-god energy. We live in an era where Cosmic demons can sunder worlds with a single breath of destructive power. We live in an era where a single High Psion can bring the totality of humankind to its knees with a wave of their hand."

Jepthath shakes his head. "In such an era, an era where Jason Hiro has already come up with a method to grant humans formidable strength en-masse, my ancient powers are not much to speak of at all."

Amelia stands up a little straighter. "The Body Boosters are certainly amazing, but your power to unite minds and create a human-spanning 'Omnivision' to share intelligence, and all the other benefits that come with that... those are still extremely valuable."

"Perhaps. But do not mistake my words for humility. What I mean to say is that my powers have a secret benefit that has not been useful until this exact moment in time."

A playful smile crosses Jepthath's lips.

"I have been catching up on the machinations and evolution of the numerous Demon Emperors which arose in the period after my life ended. It seems one of them came to obtain a power not dissimilar to mine..."

"What?" Hope asks, his heart skipping a beat. "There's a demon with a power similar to yours?"

"Of course." Jepthath answers. "His name is Auger, the Emperor of Distribution. You've surely heard of him."

Hope nods slowly. "Auger rules the Fourth Hell of Punishment. His power is the ability to contract subordinates, take their powers, and pass them around between one another so they... so they..."

The Wordsmith pauses. A strange look enters his eyes.

"Wait. Are you saying _you_ can do that, too? If humans contract with you, they can swap powers around at will?"

"Exactly." Jepthath says with a smile. "But my power is even more incredible than Auger's. My subordinates can share thoughts, emotions, knowledge, and powers. They do not need to 'trade'. If one person obtains a formidable ability, the Legion as a whole can obtain that power all at once. This is known as the Collective Uplifting. Back in my day, this power only ever manifested in the sharing of our progenitor's strength, that of Titan King Hercules. But nowadays, as more and more humans become uplifted, the results could become far more heaven-defying..."

"That's absolutely ridiculous." Hope says. "If I contracted with you, then the entirety of humanity could become Wordsmiths!"

"Potentially." Jepthath says, lowering his eyes modestly. "But it is not as simple as you might assume. Every human has a different level of potential and talent from another. Some humans are more gifted in the ways of shadow, while others are masters of light. Some wield fire as if they were born in a volcano, while others act as dolphins when wielding the water element. Your power is a special one that likely cannot be fully comprehended by ordinary humans. At best, they might only be able to wield a single element of Wordsmithing properly."

Hope momentarily recalls that the color of his soul was said to be 'rainbow' in nature, as told to him by Confessor Vulpanix. By contrast, most other living souls would only be one or two colors, at most.

Of course, having more colors and abilities does not inherently make one more powerful, and in fact reduces the precision of their individual abilities. But for the purposes of making Wordsmiths out of all the other humans, it certainly presents a barrier.

In any case, neither Hope nor Jason would want to see Wordsmiths rise up in the tens or hundreds or thousands, so this isn't a negative for them.

"Humans linked to the Dominion-Net now who become uplifted later will have the capability to pass that power on to everyone else." Amelia says, concluding the explanation herself. "That sounds extremely impressive."

"It is, but only if humanity manages to uplift at least a few formidable warriors." Jepthath says. "There are countless humans linked to my consciousness now, yet none of them have noticed the faint change in their spirituality. I have begun to probe each individual, looking to see if I can find any special seeds. If I do, I will notify you."

"Great." Hope says with a smile. "My deepest thanks, Jepthath. You and the other Heroes are going to do great work keeping humanity's future stable and secure."

After concluding their business, everyone but Jepthath eventually leaves the room. Unfortunately, due to the creation of the Dominion-Net, Jepthath has become forced to stay inside the observation room at the heart of the Hall of Heroes, not far from Solomon's Library. But this solitude doesn't bother the First Hero in the slightest. After all, he bore the loneliness of 100,000 years without complaint. Being linked to millions of human souls is already a huge difference in social quality.

Jepthath's spiritual gaze casually wanders across the humans newly subordinated to himself. A fact he didn't deign to mention to Hope is that without conducting a proper ceremony wherein people declare their obeisance to him, the effects of his powers would be somewhat limited, but that issue can always be rectified later once Hope finds a way to return to Tarus II without suffering from Time Dilation Sickness.

"Hmm..." Jepthath murmurs to himself, as his gaze fixates on one seemingly ordinary young man. "This lad... he seems to have recently been bolstered by the power of an Envoy. He might be worth keeping an eye on..."

---

A day has passed since the titanic battle between Founder Dosena and Melody, the Deity of Defiance.

Thanks to her incredible speed of Cosmic Regeneration, Melody has already put herself somewhat back together, but she still looks like a miserable mess, with horrible bruises and burns scattered across her body, along with slowly mending lacerations and cuts.

After Diablo left to clean up the remaining Kolvaxian-infested worlds with the help of his Emperors, Melody had no choice but to lay on Thillow's moon, motionless, while her body healed itself. Now, she manages to slowly stand up with a pained hobble, looking around herself at the broken, shattered world left behind by her battle.

_Victory. Loss. Did it even matter?_ Melody thinks bitterly.

She looks up at the distant stars, expanding her cosmic senses to momentarily swoon at the sensations she feels.

Never, in all her years, has she felt so unfathomably powerful, and yet so completely minuscule and powerless.

Because, in her mind's eye, when she gazes into the abyss, she vaguely feels the eyes of countless distant Cosmic monsters slowly turning their gazes toward her...

Melody looks away, too afraid to continue drawing the attention of... whatever horrifying creatures those might have been.

_There are so many Entities in existence as strong as me, if not far stronger. I am nothing at all._ Melody thinks. _I was like a toddler trying to beat a giant during my battle against Dosena. I bet Diablo would beat my ass just as badly._

She slowly levitates upward, taking care to inhale as much Cosmic Energy from the ambient environment as possible to heal her body. While her wounds are truly too severe to restore at a high speed, and while she certainly cannot hope to match Beelzebub's ridiculous rate of regeneration, her speed dwarfs any other demon barring Diablo. It will only take a day or two for her to fully recover.

She flies toward the world of Sharmur, arriving within less than an hour. At her peak condition, she could have made it within a minute or two, but as badly injured as she is now, Melody simply has to fly a lot more slowly.

She enters the upper atmosphere, then descends toward the planet's warpgate, where she finds only a handful of Dukes lounging around, awaiting her return.

"Melody." One of them says. "You're back sooner than we expected. Boss Diablo said you got pretty fucked up in your fight with the Second Founder."

"My injuries are nowhere near fully healed." Melody says softly, as she lands on the ground a short distance away. "Where is everyone?"

"They left. Boss Diablo has other planets to conquer, you know? Can't be sticking around here all day."

"Of course. That does make sense..."

Melody lowers her eyes, feeling somewhat depressed for reasons she isn't quite able to put into words.

"Well. Thank you for telling me. I'm going to find a nice, quiet mountain plateau so I can rest."

"Yeah, boss said you'd be napping for a while. Sounds good to us. Take care." The Duke says with a wave.

Without another word, Melody departs, taking to the skies once more to fly a few hundred miles away. She finds a mountain covered in snow, then plops down amidst the wintry ice to sigh and exhale a warm breath of turbid air.

Her body sinks into the snow, but she doesn't feel its cold at all. Compared to her Cosmic powers, this subzero chill might as well be a gentle mid-summer's breeze.

Ten minutes pass. Then twenty, and even thirty.

Melody gazes off despondently into the distance for a while, but as she does, she begins to feel that familiar flickering sensation of being watched.

She lifts her eyes, peering across space and time.

A faint smile crosses her face.

"Hey. Wordsmith. I know it's you watching me. Come out and talk. I'm in neither the mood nor any condition to fight."

A few seconds pass, but nothing happens.

She frowns.

"Come on. I KNOW it's you. Don't be a little bitch."

This time, a shift ripples in space, and Jason Hiro materializes a short distance away, levitating in the air with his hands resting on his hips.

"Sorry." Jason says. "I wasn't trying to keep you in suspense. There were just some... things I had to take care of."

"Yeah?" Melody asks. "Is that why you sent a robot here instead of your real body? Not because you're afraid this is a trick by the evil demons to kill the Wordsmith with a sneak attack?"

"Not at all. I trust you fully." Jason says, his smile brightening. "But this Dronesmith is the only way I currently have to maintain contact with realspace. It's complicated, but we can just say I've ended up in a little bit of a pickle. I'll have the problem resolved eventually."

"Oh." Melody replies, her tone turning glum. "I see."

A few moments pass. Jason scratches his cheek awkwardly.

"So. You wanted to see me?"

"Yeah. Listen. I just had one _bitch_ of a day." Melody snarks. "No doubt, you saw the whole thing."

"I... I may have seen... a considerable amount of it..." Jason says awkwardly.

"You saw me get uplifted, then get my face introduced to the dirt by the Second Founder?"

"Yeah."

"And she was going to kill me, but only didn't because of Diablo's _brilliant_ schemes?"

"...Yeah."

"And then after she left, Diablo slapped me around and told me I was a worthless pile of garbage?"

"...Can I plead the fifth?"

Jason's expression becomes more and more awkward, until finally Melody can't help but let out a mild chuckle. "Hehe. Okay, that's a pretty funny face you're making. I tell you what, Wordsmith. I like you a lot more than I like the so-called Emperor of Annihilation running things for my species."

Jason blinks. "So-called? You don't think he's truly Diablo?"

"I knew Diablo a long time. If that really is him, he's undergone such a violent personality shift he's become unrecognizable." Melody says. "He's not a guy I want to follow. Problem is, I'm trapped. I can't beat him. If we come to blows, I'll lose. If he has to sacrifice me, I don't believe he'll hold back for a second."

She points a finger at her chest.

"But that doesn't mean I'm gonna bend over and let him have at me like I'm his personal _fuccubus_. So I called you here to tell you one thing, Jason Hiro. If a time comes when humanity needs my help, I'm here for you. If you need something that I can provide, I'm here to help. This world? It's yours if you want it. Diablo gave me ruling rights and he didn't say only demons could live here. As far as I'm concerned, that means humans and monsters are A-OK."

Jason frowns. "That's... an extremely generous offer to make. But it feels a bit... inappropriate?"

"You forget who I am." Melody explains. "I used to be one of the Emperors ruling the Hell of Isolation. We were the ONLY 'pro-human' Hell out of ALL Seven Hells. We got along just fine with your people. Don't believe me? I bet you've got plenty of humans living with you now who will tell you about the wicked parties we used to throw. Me, Guura, Viola, Murmur, Shax... we all used to get along just great."

Melody drops her arm to her side. Her posture slumps, and a look of quiet despair takes over.

"But then... then that day happened. You pulled the humans away from Sharmur. I wouldn't blame you for that, except it somehow alerted the Plague to our planet's location. The Kolvaxians attacked us, and... most of the demons of my Hell were eaten alive. They're gone now. All my best friends. My family."

Jason lowers his eyes. "I'm sorry, Melody. I truly didn't mean for that to happen."

"Of course you didn't." Melody says, wiping a thumb across the bottom of her eye. "You're not a jerk, just a bit of a short-sighted moron. I'd never have guessed teleporting the humans away would alert the Plague, so why would you? It's water under the bridge. All I'm saying is... I'd like to restore that which was lost. You know? Make it all... whole again."

"You can't bring back the dead." Jason says softly. "Lord knows I wish I could. I'd bring my little girl back."

"Right. I can't do that, but I can honor them. I can resist the urge to give up by learning lessons from my previous mistakes. Now that I'm a Middle Cosmic, I won't ever let the Plague come back and get an easy win again. If your people come here, they'll have a bona fide powerhouse watching over them."

She shrugs. "That Neil guy probably won't like the idea. But I don't care about him. I just want to bring back all the humans who used to live here. If you're cool with that, I'd also like to bring back all the former members of my Hell. The ones still alive, that is. Since I can't leave this planet, maybe you can at least deliver the invitation for me?"

Jason nods. "Yeah. I can do that. But what if Diablo finds out? Aren't you worried he'll...?"

"What? Kill me? He already threatened to do that. As far as I'm concerned, he's not the Diablo I used to know. He's a skinwalker disguised as Deebs. I won't let fear control me."

"I see. That's very admirable of you." Jason says. "Then I'll send that invitation out, as you requested. And who knows? Perhaps my Wordsmithing may find a way to untether you, or at least unrestrict your movements in some ways. I may be able to provide benefits Diablo can't..."

"That would be a welcome bonus." Melody says, smiling back. "Thank you, Wordsmith. Now get the hell out of here before Deebs finds out we've been talking."

The Wordsmith shrugs. "Can do. See you around, Deity of Defiance."

His body shimmers and twists, disappearing into space.

After a few moments, Melody scrunches up her face.

_In retrospect, that Deity title feels a BIT theatrical. Prooobably could have toned it down a tad..._