Part 705: Respect+

_January 29th, 2021. Aevum._

Two more days passed inside Aevum, which amounted to less than 10 minutes in the outside world. Catherine had already been inside Aevum for one real world hour or so, but for the demons preparing to move on Mount Sinai, they had barely even traded potshots with the outermost sentries and Lazarites.

Catherine wrote up a short document as Jason had requested, detailing the functions of her MindCore and how the RealitySim functioned. At least according to her limited experience with it. She would need a lot more time to grow intimately familiar with its intricacies.

Catherine met with Jason's daughter and the others, but she wore her full armor, refused to let them see her face, and did not give them her real name. It seemed she had only done so with Jason because of reasons she didn't care to explain. Then she returned to her quarters to continue training with her RealitySim.

Eventually, Jason brought in a dozen new Lowborn Heroes from the Illuminati. When they arrived, greetings were exchanged all around.

"Hello, everyone. I am Brian Bozzard. It is my pleasure to meet all of you." Brian said, flashing a dazzling smile at the girls. It didn't take a rocket scientist to see he favored relations with the fairer sex more.

Brian wore a snazzy blue pinstripe suit with a red tie. He dressed up like a politician, and his ability with words was equally impressive.

"Hi, Brian!" Sasha exclaimed. "I'm Sasha! You're really handsome!"

"I do get that a lot." Brian said, flashing an even brighter smile at her.

"Nadia." Nadia said, brusquely introducing herself with one word.

"I'm Marco." Marco said, smiling a bit less than Sasha, but much more than Nadia. "It's good to meet you."

"Brian." Daisy said, crossing her arms. "Remember me?"

Brian took a moment to look at her before his eyes lit up.

"Ohh, yes! You are- um, what was it again? Dandy? The daughter of Vasily Sokolov?"

"Daisy. And he's my adopted uncle, not my father." Daisy replied. "My dad is Jason Hiro."

Brian's expression faltered. He slowly directed a look of horror toward Jason.

"B-b-but... you two are p-p-practically the same age! Oh heavens, how did that happen?! You poor boy, Jason!"

Jason slapped his face. "It's not like that. I'm a lot older than I look. I'll explain it to you some other time."

Brian seemed visibly relieved. "Oh, good. Good! I was suddenly so very worried for you, for a second there."

Everyone had a good laugh, then the other newcomers introduced themselves.

"I'm Farrah..." The young blonde girl said, fidgeting uncomfortably as multiple people's gazes fell on her. "I, um, I can change my... my face... a little..."

"She's a shapeshifter." Jason explained.

"Oh! That's an awesome ability!" Daisy quickly praised. "My dad told me only Belial could do that. Your power is really unique!"

Marco smiled at Farrah. "Is there anyone you usually like turning into?"

Jerome, standing next to Farrah, glowered at Marco. He didn't seem to like it when he perceived other guys making moves on 'his girl.' He wrapped his arm around Farrah's shoulder, which seemed to ease her nerves a bit.

"I turn into, um, movie stars sometimes. Singers. Celebrities. I like turning into Marilyn Monroe."

Her face and hair changed, and she suddenly morphed into a nearly perfect facsimile of a young Marilyn Monroe from the 1960's. Everyone exclaimed in surprise due to how quickly che had changed. Unfortunately, only her face changed, not her voice and personality.

"I'm Jerome Nguyen." The tallest young man in the room said. Jerome appeared to have grown another inch or two since Jason last saw him. He was an absolute mountain of a man. He towered over his girlfriend by two full heads, standing at well over six and a half feet tall. "I'm the toughest motherfucker here."

He paused, before lightly bobbing his head in Jason's direction. "Though Jason did kick my ass. I'll admit that much."

"Jerome." Jason said, causing the dark skinned Titan of a man to look in his direction. "You know my daughter Daisy is a Trueborn too, right?"

"What?" Jerome said, turning to look at her in surprise. "She is- you are?"

He directed the last two words at Daisy directly. When Brian and Farrah also looked at Daisy in shock, this caused Sasha, Nadia, and Marco to be taken aback. They didn't fully understand what a concept a 'Trueborn Hero' was, whereas these kids who had been partially raised by the Illuminati knew it well. In their eyes, there was a vast chasm between a Lowborn and a Trueborn.

Jerome immediately pulled away from Farrah. "Are you a Trueborn?"

Daisy nodded. "If my dad says I am, then I am."

"Then we've gotta fight." Jerome said without hesitation. "I'm the strongest Lowborn. Only your dad has beaten me. If you beat me, I'll acknowledge you."

Daisy raised an eyebrow. She crossed her arms and smirked. "Who says I need your validation?"

"If you have any guts, you'll fight me." Jerome said, taking a step toward her. His body absolutely towered over her.

"Hey!" Marco shouted. "Don't you think picking on a girl half your size is unmanly?"

"I don't give a shit about my opponent's gender. My challenge shows respect." Jerome shot back, barely even looking at Marco. "That's a word you could stand to learn, little guy."

"You...!" Marco started to say, before swallowing his words. He thought to himself that if things came to blows, he'd end up dying to Jerome. The man was seriously scary to look at.

Daisy took a step forward. "If you want to challenge me, that's fine. I don't know which of us will win, but... are you _sure_ you want to fight?"

"Of course. I'm not ashamed of losing. I don't get a big ego just 'cause I win. I simply like to fight." Jerome answered.

Daisy nodded. "Then, dad? Make us an arena."

...

Shortly afterward, Jason had summoned an arena underground beneath Aevum's soil. He hadn't yet had a chance to show off the new world to the Illuminati's young potentates, but he was already setting up a fight between his daughter and the monster of a man named Jerome.

Despite the young man's physical bulk and imposing size, Jason wasn't worried. He had fought Jerome before and sized him up. He had also made some vague determinations about Daisy, so he felt she had a good shot at winning. But in truth, he'd never seen his daughter fight before.

As Jerome wrapped his hands and prepared for a fight on the opposite corner of the ring, Jason met up with his daughter. She had changed into a sports bra and boxing shorts while also taking time to wrap her own hands.

"Honey?" Jason asked. "Are you going to be okay?"

Daisy nodded. "I've done a lot of training, and I've fought a lot of people. I have a dozen different ways to take down a lunkhead, though he's definitely much stronger than any other human I've met."

"I don't know exactly _how_ strong Jerome is." Jason said quietly. "But he probably has enough strength to pick up and throw a car several blocks. You know weight classes exist for a reason, right? He isn't just multiple weight classes above you; he's also superhumanly strong. Are you _absolutely_ sure you can handle this?"

Daisy gave him a smile. "Dad. I've got this. No worries."

Jason sighed. He strolled over to the center of the ring, then waited for Daisy and Jerome to both walk over as well.

"The rules are simple." "Jason said. "The goal is to knock or throw your opponent to the ground. If you can pin them to the ground for five seconds, or if you can ring them out, you win. Winning three of five rounds is your goal. Make this a clean fight, no beating the shit out of each other. Got it?"

Jerome nodded. He smiled, and there was a hint of arrogance. "Don't worry, Trueborn. I won't hurt your little girl."

Daisy snorted. "We'll see who's hurting by the end of this."

Jason took a few steps back. He held up his arm.

"Ready! Three, two, one, fight!"

He karate chopped the side of his palm down, and Jerome immediately lunged forward!

Jerome grabbed at Daisy's shoulders, intending to hurl her to the floor with one smooth movement. Before his hands could make contact...

_Foop!_

Daisy vanished! She reappeared a half-meter off the ground, right behind Jerome. With one leg coiled like a viper, she kicked at Jerome with the flat of her foot and sent him toppling forward!

Jerome was shocked! He landed on his elbows and quickly jumped back up.

"You... how did you...?"

"Teleportation." Daisy answered. "Better watch out for it."

Daisy hopped from side to side, keeping her palms up in front of her face. Jerome charged again, but he was a little more hesitant this time, expecting her to teleport once more.

Instead, Daisy kicked the ground with her feet and did a strange slide-glide motion as she seemed to roll forward, right under Jerome's grasp. Her movements somehow defied physics, and he was caught unprepared. Jerome grabbed wildly at Daisy's body as she slid underneath his legs, but she grabbed his ankle and pulled back on it mid-step, causing him to tumble to the mat once again.

Unfortunately, dropping Jerome to the mat was one thing, but keeping him pinned there was another. Daisy didn't even try. She had no chance of holding him on the ground for a few seconds. Her body weight would be like a toothpick in his hands if he got serious.

Jerome leaped to his feet again. He gave her a strange glance and spun around, looking her up and down with more interest.

"Was that another power?" Jerome asked.

"Something like that." Daisy replied noncommittally.

The two started dancing around each other. Daisy was much nimbler than Jerome, making him look like a clumsy oaf by comparison. But he wasn't. Jerome was just as well-trained as her, and each ability she revealed gave him more information to work with.

Daisy was a generalist. Jerome was a Specialist. He didn't have many tricks up his sleeve, but he was very good at dealing with things in specific ways.

Daisy suddenly flickered to the right, then to the left. She quick-teleported, causing Jerome to lose sight of her for a moment.

Suddenly, she appeared behind Jerome and kicked at the back of his neck!

But Jerome abruptly ducked, then snapped his hand up behind himself. He grabbed Daisy by the leg, making her yelp in fright. He swung her overhead, but slowed the throw toward the end, instead _plopping_ her onto the mat and grabbing her other leg to hold her in place.

Unable to break free, Daisy gave up and gave Jerome the first point.

He released her legs, and she grimaced, massaging her ankles and knees. His grip was incredibly strong!

"Don't use the same tricks twice on me." Jerome warned. "They won't work."

Daisy stood up. She looked around and saw that many people were fawning over Jerome, excited by his simple brutish power. There really was something appealing about seeing a guy who could just beat the shit out of people, especially when he was built like a brick shithouse. Even Sasha was seeing stars in her eyes. She had a thing for big strong men, it seemed.

Daisy cracked her neck. "You want me to use a new trick then?"

"If you have them, use them." Jerome said flatly. "If you're going easy on me, don't. My pride can take it. I'm not afraid of losing face."

Daisy felt a bit of surprise at his words. She found his attitude commendable. There was something appealing about someone who liked to fight for fighting's sake.

"I'm still going to go easy on you in this round." Daisy said. "But next round, I'm going to get serious."

Jerome frowned. "That is not wise."

"We'll see." Daisy replied.

When Jason started the second round, it was Daisy who suddenly charged at Jerome. He raised an eyebrow, not expecting her to do something so dumb. Her powers were versatile, but if she got within grabbing range, it was all over!

Jerome realized it was probably a trick she'd use before teleporting away, but he decided to take the bait anyway. He grabbing at Daisy, but when his hands made contact with her shoulders... they passed through!

He swept his palms right through where she was standing, as if she had turned into a ghost! Daisy ran through his body, making question marks pop up above his head. Jerome turned around to look for her, but Daisy wasn't there! She didn't appear to be on the stage at all!

Suddenly, Jerome's right leg was swept out from the side. He yelped as he started to fall to the ground, but he quickly caught himself by slapping his right palm against the ground.

When he looked for Daisy, he didn't see her! Had she turned invisible?

A sudden kick to Jerome's back sent him tumbling forward. It was that damned teleportation trick again!

Jerome tried to grab behind himself, but she was gone. He still couldn't see her!

Meanwhile, Jason and the others stared at the scene in disbelief. For some reason, at the start of the round, Daisy had stood still, and Jerome had started grabbing at the air. Then Daisy ran over and swept his leg, then walked around him and kicked him in the back before hopping away from his clumsy flailing arm.

It was as if Jerome couldn't see her. Jason was bewildered. Only Nadia seemed to see through the essence of what was happening by using her power and causing her eyes to glow blue.

"It's telepathy." Nadia said quietly to Sasha. "Daisy is making Jerome see illusions. She's tricking his brain."

"She's making him look like a doofus." Sasha said, though she wasn't any less starstruck than before. "That just shows how awesome Daisy is!"

Jerome seemed to realize he was being toyed with. He closed his eyes and stopped paying attention to his lying eyes. He listened with his ears, and that allowed him to hear a pair of footsteps quickly approaching from the right.

He slapped his palms against the ground and pounced like a tiger toward those footsteps. He heard Daisy yelp in surprise as she didn't expect him to see through her deception.

Jerome grinned! He grabbed his opponent- no, he didn't! He grabbed at nothing at all!

It turned out that Daisy hadn't only fooled his eyes, but his ears as well. The spectators watched as he jumped and grabbed at the empty air while Daisy carefully maneuvered herself into the position she had been waiting for.

Jerome opened his eyes, only to see Daisy's foot flying at his chest. He wouldn't be fooled, of course, and instead grabbed behind himself, expected her to teleport there.

But this time, it was the real Daisy! She kicked him backward and sent him tripping off the mat, scoring the first ring-out!

"Point, Daisy!" Jason declared. "It's 1-1 for both combatants."

Jerome was shocked. He had started to realize what she was doing, but in the end he couldn't see through her mental trickery when it mattered.

Jerome stood up and dusted himself off while the small audience cheered for Daisy. He didn't appear mad.

"Your abilities are quite diverse. I'm convinced you're a Trueborn." Jerome said. "But we'll continue to spar until we reach the point cap."

"Playtime is over." Daisy declared. "We've reached the end of my abilities that are useful in the context of a sparring match. My other powers are a lot deadlier, so I won't use them. I only have one left, and... you can't contend with it. So I'll make the next two matches quick."

That seemed to spark Jerome's interest. She had said she was holding back before, but he wasn't sure if that was merely a bluff or not.

"I see. Then show me what you're truly capable of." Jerome said, his expression becoming solemn.

He and Daisy returned to the center of the mat. This time, Daisy didn't even bother taking up a combat stance. She just stood idly while Jason counted down the seconds.

"Three, two, one, fight!" Jason said, making a karate chop motion with his hand.

Jerome started to move toward her, but before he could take two steps, Daisy raised a single finger up.

Jerome lost his footing. He suddenly began to float up into the air and lost contact with the mat. Unable to control himself, he flailed wildly, his eyes filled with shock.

"You-?!"

He didn't get to finish his thought. Daisy pointed her finger downward, and gravity seemed to increase tenfold. Jerome slammed against the mat heavily, knocking the wind out of him. He groaned and tried to stand up, but it was as if an elephant had suddenly sat on his back. His stomach was pinned to the floor, and he could barely lift himself an inch off the ground!

"Rrrgh! Holy- RRRRGH!!!"

Jerome was incredibly strong. His strength increased during times of heightened adrenaline, and with that, he began to shakily lift himself off the mat, but the process was so gradual that he was already starting to fight exhaustion itself.

Sweat dripped from Jerome's forehead. He gasped for air, as Daisy used the power of telekinesis to pin him in place.

He realized now that she wasn't bluffing. She had been able to do this from the start, but had used her lesser abilities instead. Was she doing that to lessen the impact to his psyche, or was she only seeing how far those lesser abilities would take her?

It didn't matter. Ultimately, Jerome's body trembled, and his arms gave out. He collapsed onto his stomach, and Jason began the countdown.

"One! Two! Three! Four! Five! It's a pin! Point, Daisy!"

The telekinetic pressure finally vanished, and Jerome took a long, heavy breath. The crowd cheered for Daisy, and he lifted his head to look at her with deep surprise. He fully believed now that she was a Trueborn.

He envied her.

After a few moments, Jerome stood up and bowed.

"You went easy on me. I concede the next match in advance."

"Sorry." Daisy apologized. "I didn't hurt you, did I?"

She expected Jerome to be at least a little mad at her, but when he raised his head, there was instead a burning passion in his eyes.

"Daisy. I've gotta ask you... that telekinetic power of yours... how long can you maintain it?"

Daisy shrugged. "A long time? Minutes... or maybe hours?"

"My body grows stronger the more pressure it's under. I long ago reached the limits of the Illuminati's mundane training equipment." Jerome said, walking over to her. "If you use your telekinesis on me, I can increase my strength faster than ever! Are you willing to help me?"

Daisy smiled. "Of course! That's why my dad brought you guys here!"

Jason walked over and clapped Jerome on the back. "Good fight, kid. But hold your horses. You might want to wait to hear what I say before you go deciding your future training regimen all on your own."

With that, Jason lined up the dozen new Illuminati recruits and spoke to them with his daughter by his side.

"Everyone, thank you for coming. Earth faces a crisis. As we speak, demons are marching on Mount Sinai to attack the angels. The world you are currently standing on is not Earth, but a secret realm I discovered some time ago with my Archseer powers! This realm has a time dilation of 365 to 1, almost exactly mirroring Earth. Simply put, one day on Earth is one year in here."

He continued. "I have big plans for all of you. I'm going to create custom training regimens for anyone who wants to master their abilities. Additionally, everyone who chooses to stay here will become immortal. No matter how long you spend in Aevum, you'll never worry about growing old and dying! BUT, if you decide you're not up to the task, I'll simply use my powers to wipe your memories and send you back to Earth. We need fighters here, people willing to train hard and fight for the Earth's safety, as well as to protect humanity."

He laid out some more terms, playing the role of the carrot and the stick.

"Now, are you with me?!" Jason shouted.

"Yes, Archseer!" The teenagers replied.

Not one Illuminati trainee chose to return to Earth. The thought of training in a secret dimension was exciting, and as it turned out, Jason generously offered for them to stay in Aevum for a few months and they could leave later if they wanted. Of course, anyone who left early would have their minds wiped, but that was the price they'd have to pay for this incredible privilege.

After Jason settled them in to their new dorms, he turned to Nadia.

"I should be ready for the operation in a day or two."

"Let's put a pause on that." Nadia retorted. "I studied the footage you gave me. I'm surprised Heaven's Daughter wanted you to blur out her face, but if she wants to keep her identity a secret, that is fine by me. More importantly, I thought of some improvements you could make during the operation process."

Nadia pulled a notebook out of her handbag, which contained several incredibly detailed drawings of her own brain, the MindCore Jason was planning, and some other things.

"See here? If we do this, I believe we can completely eliminate the pain and increase the procedure success rate by 100%. However, this only works on people like me who have not yet developed a Mind Realm. We'll need to develop a different system for people like yourself and Heaven's Daughter, who do have one."

As Jason looked at her mockups, he became more and more surprised.

"That's brilliant! Nadia, you _are_ a genius after all."

She blushed. "I'm just cheating with my power."

"Yeah, well, I was an idiot until I became able to cheat with my MindCore. If you're cheating, then I'm hyper-cheating." Jason joked.

He verified a few other things, then nodded his head.

"I'll delay it for a couple more days to iron everything out, but after that, we'll get this operation done."

"I am greatly looking forward to my expanded cognitive abilities." Nadia said with a smile. "I'll be in your care."

With that, the two of them departed.

Jason looked off into the distance.

"Not much longer now." He said to himself. "Once I get these MindCores installed... I can finally act on what I've been wanting to accomplish for nearly a year now..."