Part 645: Demila's Delusions

_Far-Future Era. Day 2, AJR. Naandril I._

Creator Demila and Divinator Fellrun assessed each other for three seconds.

Then Fellrun attacked.

The younger of the two was still a million-ear-old monster. He did not wish to give his older opponent any time to think, and the fate of the Volgrim Empire hung in the balance. Instead of arrogantly taunting Demila as if he could not possibly lose, he assumed this was a life or death battle where no backup would come should he fail, and he was the last hope of the Psions to defeat her.

Neither Demila nor Fellrun knew of Executor Nufaris's fate, but that didn't matter. Nufaris was not allowed to leave Volgarius undefended, and all the other 8th Level Psions had fallen. If Fellrun could not beat Demila, then she would definitely move on to Naandril III and finish off the Psion population. The Volgrim Empire had lost two-thirds of its military might. Its future was already dire, but losing the rest would definitely seal its fate.

The male Psion whirled his two-headed glaive around his body. Jason Hiro might seem a master of the Bo Staff, but compared to Fellrun, he was like a child flailing his arms. Fellrun's movements were so efficient, so smooth and natural, that his conjured weapon felt as though it was simply something he was born with, like the tail of a crocodile, or the wings of an eagle. 

He flickered across space and appeared before Demila in an instant, moving to behead her in one swift movement. She flickered to the side at the exact same time and dodged while summoning three swords that levitated around her. One of the swords slashed out and crashed against the glaive, deflecting its attack slightly. The other two cut and stabbed at Fellrun from tricky angles.

Fellrun allowed his glaive to bounce and reflect off Demila's first sword. He instantly reversed its momentum to snap the opposite side of the glaive at one of the swords stabbing toward his heart while also 'swimming' his feet upward in the air. His right foot casually kicked aside the final sword, breaking it to pieces and scattering its psionic energy to the cosmos. It turned out he had summoned a barrier of psionic energy around his foot durable enough to counter the hardness of her sword.

In an instant, they traded three attacks, then two seconds later, they traded ten more! The two Psions moved with speed and ferocity. Fellrun pressed his offensive, but in truth he remained completely guarded, always paying attention to his opponent's movements.

[You may be a failure and a disgrace of a Psion unable to advance to the level of Executor on your own, but you are skilled in battle and a worthy opponent.] He spoke while fighting, easily able to multi-task during such a fast and brutal fight.

[And you are a fool if you think the reason I failed to advance was due to a lack of effort!] Demila snapped back, visibly irritated. [You are but a million cycles old, while I am two! I meditated, trained, learned from the ancestors, and did everything I possibly could! I am twice your age, you foolish boy! You will not leave here alive. I will swallow your power and advance to the next level!]

Demila flickered backward. She stopped focusing any attention on her swords. They, however, continued to attack Fellrun, albeit a little less effectively than before. This was because of her psionic specialty. As a 'Creator', she did not merely summon phantasms of psionic energy, but living, thinking constructs that had the capacity to fight and maneuver on their own. This ability had always been her secret weapon, her strongest trump card, but it had never been anywhere near as effective as it was after ascending to Executor. Now, her conjured weapons and constructs were much more intelligent, durable, and capable of fighting on their own than they were before!

Demila waved her hand. A copy of herself materialized to her right, and then another copy materialized on her left. The two of them shimmered along with her main body, and her soul signature blurred for a moment. When it stopped blurring, Fellrun narrowed his eyes.

He couldn't believe his psionic senses. Demila had clearly swapped places with one of her Psio-Clones, but he couldn't tell which one. All three of them had the same signature. They looked the same. They even moved the same!

[Impossible. No Psion can so casually create such vibrant living, breathing entities!] Fellrun exclaimed in disbelief.

[Just because I failed to advance my Seed does not mean I failed to advance my combat capabilities.] Demila said, this thought radiating out of each copy's head in unison. [You are outmatched, _stupid child._]

Demila could not defeat Fellrun if they fought on his terms. He was unbeatable in one-on-one combat. Fellrun had long established himself as capable of defeating foes much stronger than himself, so long as the battle only involved a duo. He was a Champion Killer. It was even rumored that if he fought the Second Founder, he could make her sweat, despite the power difference in their Seeds. But the equation changed when he fought many foes in unison. No longer was a victory as certain.

This had been proven many times during the Kolvaxian War. The Kolvaxians were once weak and pathetic, but Fellrun's ability to slaughter many weaker enemies was vastly inferior to other Executors. As a result, his notoriety fell. He was only dispatched to deal with Kolvax-Clones of the other Executors, as well as opponents worthy of his intervention.

Demila's three selves circled around Fellrun like vultures. One of them started rapidly firing powerful bursts of psionic lightning, striking barriers he instantly conjured. The other wielded metallic chains fitted with a razor-sharp tip at the end. She snapped the chain around like a whip, trying to entangle Fellrun's glaive and limbs to slow down his movements and create an opening. The final one manipulated space, making it much denser around Fellrun, and hampering him in tandem with the second one's efforts. All the while, they constantly summoned more and more swords to hamper and slow him down.

Fellrun snarled nastily. [These abilities are not yours, you witch! I know you! You are no master of Energy Manipulation!]

[I wasn't.] Demila admitted while smiling with her eyes. [But that was _before_. I see now a future path for the Volgrim! After I have taken up my rank as our species' newest 9th Level Psion, I will train the next generation of Psions to wield this power of the demons. The strong will climb the ladder of power! They will swallow those who are weaker and rapidly ascend, becoming unbeatable! Our numbers may thin, but our base of power will become indestructible. Quality over quantity!]

[Hah! You're one to speak of quality.] Fellrun sneered, batting away another dual sword-strike aimed at his vitals. [You're the lowest of our people, yet think yourself our messiah. We will not fall for your twisted ways, you mud-lover! Psions must remain pure!]

[Imbecile! Use your head!] Demila snapped back. [I am much older than you. I have seen more than you! Do you truly think it is a coincidence there is only one 9th Level Psion in our Empire? How can that be true when once, long ago, there were seven? Founder Dosena is manipulating all of you, feeding you lies to keep you down so she alone can act as our sole guardian. She hoards power because she does not trust us. As a result, we lacked high level champions who could attack and wipe away the Plague! We're losing the war because of her machinations!]

Fellrun could not offer a counter-argument. As it happened, he and the other Executors had privately discussed such a possibility many times. They were not stupid. They could sense that there was some sort of oddity preventing them from rising to the 9th Level. Dosena herself did not seem to be directly interfering, but something was definitely holding them all back. They simply did not know what.

Even so, Fellrun refused to accept the words of a so-called 'Executor' who had ascended through such a disgusting method as soul manipulation. Her words could not be trusted. She was likely being fed talking points by the demons!

[You will not corrupt my thoughts, mud-lover.] Fellrun said decisively. [Your lies fester like poison. Anyone who slanders our Founders deserves death!]

[You know I am right, yet you play at ignorance.] Demila countered. [Once I eliminate you, I will ensure the next Order of Psions does not contain such brainwashed fools.]

[There won't BE another Order!] Fellrun roared. [You have doomed our Empire! Two Middle Cosmics cannot protect all our star systems alone! The Plague already outnumbers us! Now you've ensured its total victory!!]

Fellrun couldn't be bothered to waste another word on his stupid senior. Even if there were grains of truth to what she said, he still forcibly shut off his critical thinking to focus on the fight.

His glaive abruptly changed form, catching Demila off-guard. It morphed from a hardened pole with two bladed ends to a pole with chains at each end attached to the blades. Its central region took on a plus-shape, and two additional chained heads sprouted, making it look like a helicopter of death.

This new weapon was cumbersome and unwieldy. Any amateur would probably injure or even kill themselves if they tried spinning it around just once, but Fellrun was no amateur. This was his ace in the hole.

He started whirling the four blades around himself as if they were nunchaku. He accelerated his speed and launched at one of Demila's bodies, the one firing lightning blasts, uncertain if it was her or not. At this point, he had to take a risk. He was supposed to be the attacker, but she held all the initiative by outnumbering him.

Fellrun focused his mind. When lightning bolts flew his way, he intercepted them with one of his nunchaku, absorbing the cosmic lightning in the blade and momentarily empowering it before snapping it at his opponent.

_Slash-slash-slash!_

Within three seconds, he cut down Demila's clone. He beheaded her, only to sense that a new clone had instantly taken the previous one's place and reappeared in the distance behind him alongside the others.

Fellrun rapidly calculated some attack vectors in his mind.

_I fight with my body, while Demila fights with her psionic powers. Her energy expenditure will be much higher as a result. That means in a battle of attrition, she will exhaust herself much faster than me. If I keep forcing her to summon new clones and launch long-range attacks, she will eventually slow down. That's when I can end this... once and for all._

He turned and flew at the new Demila clone, as well as the other two. They split up and went in different ways, forcing him to pick one to follow. He frowned, unsure which one was the real one. They all felt exactly the same. He had no idea she possessed such an absurd duplication ability. This was not like Vulpanix, who could temporarily break the fabric of reality and conjure alternate versions of herself from other timelines. Demila's clones were made from pure psionic energy, yet their bodies were flesh and blood.

It broke all the rules he had come to learn regarding Psionic powers. How could she make such convincing duplicates?

A hint of disbelief entered his eyes. What if Demila was right? What if Dosena was holding her species back to enrich herself? What if there was more to a Psion's power than he knew? Maybe by linking up with the demons, Demila had tapped into a new power that could make them more formidable in the coming era?

No! That couldn't be right! She was a traitor and _had_ to die.

Fellrun intensified his assault. He stepped on the air and started darting from left to right, charging after her clones much faster than before. Having assessed the situation, he realized that he could easily spare the energy expenditure, while she could not. In time, Demila would weaken faster and faster, make a mistake, and he could rush in to deal a killing blow.

Over the next several minutes, the two Executors fell silent. Demila sensed his new conviction. She frowned as he started ignoring her swords, conjured armor around his vitals, and cut down her clones one after the other. Nothing was able to stop him. Fellrun's assault grew so intense she stopped being able to summon two clones at once and occasionally dipped down to one for seconds at a time.

Demila had one saving grace. A special soul-link she possessed allowed her to swap places with any of her clones at a moment's notice, so long as they were within a certain range. Several times, Fellrun locked on to the correct Demila and nearly killed her, but she swapped at the last nanosecond and escaped by the skin of her teeth. She started to become worried as she sensed that her psionic energy was dipping.

_So that's his plan._ Demila thought. _He wants to exhaust me!_

Unfortunately, knowing about Fellrun's plan and being able to do something about it were two entirely different things.

He was just too fast! His control of the quadruple-nunchaku was picture-perfect! Once he drew within melee range, it was always over. Demila had no effective counter to him. He blocked her ranged attacks. Her close range attacks were too slow and clumsy. She now possessed a wide variety of abilities taken from stronger and weaker Psion souls, but she hadn't had time to practice with them. This battle was giving her precious experience in honing her abilities, but it wasn't nearly enough to train her in so many disciplines at once.

Suddenly, as Fellrun launched at her again, Demila had an idea.

Instead of attacking his physical body, she realized he had a weakness she hadn't considered yet.

Demila narrowed all of her eyes. She waited until Fellrun was about to attack her clone, then her real body sent a powerful micro-burst of telepathic energy at the side of Fellrun's head.

Fellrun sensed the impending danger, but he'd grown so used to Demila's pathetic attacks that he disregarded it. He cut down yet another of her clones right as his thoughts turned to garbled mush.

[Aaaah!!]

Fellrun's mind fell into disarray. His soul vibrated in agony. Electrical pain surged through all of his limbs, causing him to seize up. The momentary loss of control caused him to lose his grip on his weapon. One of the blades slashed down and sliced off his right leg at the knee, but he was in so much pain he didn't even notice. Then the nunchaku careened away, flying into the distance.

Fellrun, to his credit, quickly regained his mental focus. He snapped back to attention and motioned with his hand, only to belatedly realize he had lost his grip on his nunchaku. Then the pain of his lost leg hit him. It was, surprisingly, much less agonizing than whatever the hell Demila had struck his Mind Realm with a moment earlier. Psion physical bodies were not that prone to collapsing, even if they lost multiple limbs. Their minds were their most potent weapon, after all.

[Hahaha...] Demila laughed evilly, her eyes turning cunning. [I knew it. You hastily shoved your True Soul back into your body to prevent me from accessing it. But how can you assimilate your soul in so short a time? You've secretly been putting some effort into concealing the backlash! I wouldn't have noticed if you hadn't been so cautious until recently!]

Fellrun glanced at Demila. His expression gave no hints, but his stomach tightened in worry. The truth was, any Psion who died and revived inside a new body, or who moved their soul into a body, would suffer from Rejection Sickness. It was never deadly, but it always lowered the combat prowess of their body and made them temporarily vulnerable to mental and soul-based attack vectors. In his case, a week or two of meditation would allow him to properly align his body and soul, but he didn't have that kind of time. Demila had to be stopped!

Only now did he realize there was a fatal flaw in his plan. Demila was one of the strongest telepaths in the Volgrim Empire. She was well known for being able to read the surface thoughts of fellow 7th-Level Psions and much deeper and more private thoughts of weaker entities. Such a fine-tuned specialty wasn't much use against most opponents usually, but in this one specific scenario... it meant the difference between victory and loss.

[No!] Fellrun shouted. He started to summon a new version of his weapon, only for Demila to mercilessly blast him with another beam of soul-rending telepathic energy. Fellrun's mind went blank and his body locked up, leaving him totally vulnerable to attack. Demila plunged her conjured swords into his heart, stomach, and neck, breaking his body on the spot. Before Fellrun could react, she swooped in and smashed her palm into his head, crushed his defenseless skull, and grabbed hold of his soul before it could dissipate.

Demila won.

She defeated an Executor previously considered the strongest among his kind. If it hadn't been for his one weakness, she would have lost.

But in the end, a win was a win, a victor was a victor, and a loser was a loser.

Demila grinned devilishly. She didn't hesitate before latching on to Fellrun's screaming soul and quickly sucking out its juices. Her power spiked, her exhaustion disappeared, and her energy recovered to its peak. At the same time, she was shocked to find that her Psionic Level came close to the apex of what an Executor could reach. Fellrun was an ancient monster like her, and he had many eras to consolidate his Seed. He was the highest quality Executor she'd eaten to date.

She hadn't made it to the 9th Level, but she was close. Deliciously close!

Psions might not have mouths, but Demila still metaphorically licked her lips hungrily. She drained Fellrun of everything he had, leaving his soul hollow, faded, and ready to dissipate into nothingness.

Demila hesitated.

Right now, she could could kill this mighty Executor with no effort at all. She could squeeze her fingers and pinch his soul into cosmic dust, or she could let it go and it would travel to the Great Beyond.

But she would never do either of these things. The other Volgrim might think she was a traitor, but Demila knew in her heart she was not.

Her methods were brutal, but her cause was just. She meant what she said. She intended to become the second 9th Level Psion. Founder Dosena would be spared. She would have no choice but to accept Demila's rise. Dosena would begrudgingly have to live with the fact that she would remain as Volgarius's defender, while Demila would seek out and kill the Plague inside the Milky Way's hidden dimension known as the 'False Cosmic Realm.' With Dosena as the shield and Demila as the sword, the Volgrim would finally beat back the Plague and revive its future.

The other Volgrim were too short-sighted. They could not envision the breadth of Demila's grand plan. Though they thought her selfish now, they would realize that as the 6th Founder, she would be capable of conjuring other versions of herself, all equally as strong as her, and then projecting that power across the entire Milky Way.

What would those foolish so-called 'Demon Deities' be able to do when five of Demila's clones attacked their worlds all at once? They would bend the knee, or they would die!

Visions of grandeur flashed through Demila's mind. She easily saw the great future awaiting her. If she could only make it to the 9th Level, all her sins would not be in vain.

She held Fellrun's diminished soul in her grasp, feeling guilty about what she had done to him. That feeling passed. She traveled into the soul facility, where trembling and fearful Technopaths pressed themselves against the walls, looking at her as if she were a monster from a horror movie. She directed a look of pity their way, then placed Fellrun's soul into a soul prism where it would be held until he could revive as an Initiator.

[I know that you fear and hate me now.] Demila said to those Technopaths. [But someday, you will understand. Everything I have done is for the good of our Empire.]

"N-nonsense!" One of the bolder Technopaths shouted. "Lies! You are a traitor! Do you understand what you've done?! You've ruined us! Ruined us!!"

Demila sighed. She could kill him with a flick of her finger, but she would never harm another Volgrim. Even now, she had not killed a single Psion. She had drained their souls, yes, but they would revive. They would start over, anew, as Initiators. Humbled though they might be, they could start from scratch, advancing faster than they originally did, rebuilding their Seeds with knowledge of their future potential. It might take a few thousand years, but that was nothing compared to the millions she had lived.

The Volgrim Empire would endure. Someday, she would be championed as its savior. Its greatest hero! She might even be revered as the mightiest and wisest Founder!

As these thoughts flickered through Demila's mind, she forgot about the pitiful condemnations of the Technopath who dared to voice his opinion. He was not worth responding to. He could never grasp the sacrifice she had made, nor the full extent of her plans. It was not worth wasting a single iota of mental energy on him.

Demila levitated into the sky, then flew out of Naandril I's atmosphere.

Naandril III was her next target. With how close she was to the 9th Level, she knew her goal was as good as achieved.

Soon, she would obtain the accolades she deserved.

Soon, everyone would understand the wisdom of her actions...