Part 64: Dinner With the Demons

**Author note: This part was originally going to have a second section, but it's taking too long to write, so I'll split it off for tomorrow's part. Sadly, that takes this part from 20k characters to 12k, but at least tomorrow's part will be super long! Yay!**

---

Four demons and a human sit at the long table in the Slithering Spire. Beelzebub, Rosalia, Bael, Mephisto, and Benjamin Brown, with the two highest-ranked Dukes at the head and end of the table, Beelzebub and Rosalia at the left, and Benjamin opposite them. A beautiful chandelier hangs overhead, and the marbled floors shine brightly enough that one could eat off them. Unlike the humble abodes built within the Labyrinth, the crystal lights above glow with the power of electrical lighting, revealing their human-rooted design.

Beelzebub spears the meat on his plate with a fork and examines it for a moment before placing it in his mouth.  The fish-like substance tastes unlike anything he's eaten before. The fish's bitter and salty texture mixes with its spongy flesh to create a satisfying flavor.

Mephisto sits alone with no plate before him, as he cannot eat, nor digest food. His skeletal body lacks any internal organs, and thus, he must sit and watch as the others eat their fill. Rosalia chews on something resembling tofu, while Bael stuffs three-quarters of an entire chicken in his mouth, crushing the bones with violent force. The sound of his lips smacking and the meat sloshing around makes everyone else hesitate to continue eating, but they force themselves to ignore him.

Bael wipes his entire arm across his mouth and smears chicken-meat all over himself in the process. "Eh. Not as good as human flesh, but it's decent."

After a few moments of staring at Bael, Beelzebub places another bite of fish in his mouth. "I'm not one to eat, usually. It isn't necessary for demon survival. Still, I suppose tasting food isn't the worst thing I could be doing right now."

"You said it, Mister Beelzebub. I'm surprised human food tastes this good!" Rosalia smiles cutely at him before drinking the red substance in front of her. According to Benjamin Brown, it's called "Wine," but she's never had it before. The lifestyle low-level demon servants like her experience daily doesn't afford them more than the basics.

Satisfied with himself, and rapidly losing his willingness to eat thanks to Bael's disgusting sounds, Beelzebub pushes his plate away and stares at Benjamin across the table. The human ignores Bael and proceeds to cut apart a stalk of celery with his fork and knife. All the food on his plate consists of vegetables, with no meat in sight. He chews the celery for a few moments before meeting Beelzebub's gaze.

"I presume you will be skipping most meals then, Master Beelzebub?"

Beelzebub places his handkerchief in his suit pocket. "Correct. In fact, I'll be skipping out on most things. I'm not fond of humans, not in the slightest. I don't think I'll loiter around here very often."

Rosalia perks up. "Oh! I know! Why not kick the humans out? Then you and I can have this spire all to ourselves! We can get married, and I'll become a broodmother, and then I'll-"

"Pass," Beelzebub hisses. "I plan to hire several dozen _attractive_ demon servants and press them into my service."

Rosalia blushes. "Thank you for the compliment, m-mister Beelzebub."

"Devils. I wasn't referring to _you._"

Rosalia sits up a little straighter. A spark of realization appears in her eyes. "Ahh, right, because I'm already your servant! Silly me. It'll be hard for you to find someone you find as enrapturing as me, but I'll do my best to help you out!"

"You'll do your best for another demon lord once I sent you away," Beelzebub says, rolling his eyes. "I won't require your services past next week."

Bael snorts down the last of his chicken and raises a hand. "Hehehe, you're a funny one, pup. Don't you know? Demon servants serve for life. Rosalia ain't goin' nowhere."

Rosalia squeals. "Really?! I didn't know that! That's great news!"

"That's terrible news!" Beelzebub counters. "Since when was that a rule? I've never heard anything so absurd in all my years as a Lord!"

Mephisto's glowing red eyes flick to Bael, as if searching for something, then to Beelzebub. "Oh, yesss. It hasss been a tradition since the ancient timesss. Every great demon hasss a faithful ssservant who will ssstick with them through thick and thin."

Beelzebub raises an eyebrow. "Yeah? Then who's yours? Who's Bael's?"

The big demon chuckles. "I'll introduce you to him sometime."

"Sure you will."

Beelzebub slumps in his seat and scowls at Rosalia. She smiles from ear to ear. "Yay! Nothing can separate us now, Mister Beelzebub!"

"I know. That's why I'm annoyed."

Ben smiles. He sticks another forkful of celery in his mouth. "Young love is really something."

"Mind your tongue, human. No matter how my former master felt, I'll throw you and the rest of your kind out tomorrow if you keep those comments up."

The human looks away. "You will, hm? Why not today? I thought you couldn't stand the sight of me."

"I can't. However, I also feel as though if my master kept you around, he must have had a reason. Why not tell me your talents? I'll decide whether or not to evict you depending on how you answer."

Silence falls over the table.

Ben pops the last bit of celery in his mouth, then glances at Bael. "I thought demons had to be intelligent to become Dukes."

Bael shrugs. "I mean, lookit me."

"True."

Benjamin forks a piece of broccoli but holds it in midair and stares at the vegetable instead of eating it. "How old are you, master Beelzebub? A thousand? Two thousand?"

Beelzebub visibly bristles. "I'm well over ten thousand years old. Why?"

"Just curious." Ben sets the broccoli down and folds his hands. "I'm over a hundred thousand years old, you know. Bael was less than four thousand years old when demons conquered humanity. He may not be one to use big words, but Bael was quite wise when it came to matters of war, as was Mephisto."

The necromancer hisses. "You flatter me ssso."

"Get to the point," Beelzebub mutters. "Assuming you have one."

"I already told you I was, at one point, the leader of Earth's military, did I not?"

Beelzebub's voice tightens. "Yes. _So?_"

"I fought both of the demons here at this table. I even defeated them a few times. While humanity ultimately lost the war, the reason I lived under Agares in relative peace, along with the humans outside, was part of our peace treaty. A deal, if you will."

Beelzebub smiles. "Oh? You sold your kind out to us, and in exchange, you ended up in a palace fit for a king. The terms worked out quite well for you."

"Mostly correct," Ben says, his voice cracking. "But, I would hardly call it a blessing." He winces and looks away, meeting Bael's eyes. "After all, I knew what came next would be unpleasant. I helped the demons build containment worlds for humanity. I helped them enslave my brethren. I set the terms of our surrender, expecting full well that demons would kill us all after defanging us."

Benjamin continues. "I was surprised when they didn't. Agares was an honorable demon. He ensured that humans would be given worlds to live on, have their memories wiped, and that they would be reverted to a Dark Ages level of civilization. The bare minimum for our survival. In exchange, humans would have to follow requirements, including sacrifices to the demons, and a hundred other things that would surely pain them, but were better than extinction and endless war."

"I see." Beelzebub's smile fades. He stares at the human solemnly for a moment. "So, if I understand correctly, Agares held some level of respect for you."

Bael chuckles. "Heh, I do too. Ben was one tough son of a bitch, and a hell of a general. Sometimes I wish I could give him command of a thousand humans and go all-out on them. I wanna relive the old days."

The dark-skinned man nods. "Aye. I know of the happenings inside the Labyrinth. A newly arisen hero is causing trouble. He's the one responsible for the influx of chaos recently."

At the mention of Jason, Beelzebub sits up straighter in his chair. A flash of rage passes over his face. "Tch. I suppose you're entertaining delusions of grandeur, then? Thinking of joining him?"

Ben reaches for a glass of water and sips from it. "The opposite. I'm old, Beelzebub. We all are. Not you, of course. To me, looking at you is like looking at a coddled child. I see the energy in you. You're bored. You hunger for action. Not me. I put that behind me. Even if humanity wasn't thriving, at least they were living fulfilled lives until recently. Now, thanks to this newcomer, I worry about what will happen. I smell war. It's coming, and it won't be pretty. Millions, if not billions, will die."

"Is that so bad?" Rosalia leans forward and butts into the conversation. "War, I mean. What's happened over the last hundred thousand years, Mister Brown? Nothing. Nobody does anything. Demons like me have to stay servants. Everyone knows it's pointless to try and become Lords, Barons, and Dukes. There's no mobility. Beelzebub is extremely talented to have reached the rank of Duke so quickly, and lucky, too, but few have the opportunities he did."

Beelzebub smiles at his chubby servant. "Rosalia is right. You say that humans were living fulfilling lives, but also that they weren't thriving. Does an endless stalemate strike you as worth pursuing? Does not death give meaning to life? I would argue that it's better to die fighting to achieve something than to live forever yet accomplish nothing."

"I look at things differently from you," Ben replies. "For me, raising a family here at the Slithering Spire gives me meaning. When I first moved, only I, my closest family members, and a few other leaders of humanity lived here. We've exploded into over a thousand people as the millennia passed and eventually slowed our babymaking down once we'd filled the place to capacity several times over. Watching my children grow gave me a sense of fulfillment."

Beelzebub's mood darkens. "Watching humans die is what fulfills _me_. Tasting their pain and suffering. Bael understands."

"He does, yes," Ben replies. "I am curious, though, why do you enjoy watching humans suffer and die? Is it because you lack a purpose? Is it because you can think of no other way to fill the void inside yourself than to watch others writhe in pain? Have humans done anything to harm you?"

Beelzebub rubs his chin. "I can't say they have. Still, humans are pathetic and weak. Every demon knows that those who are weak deserve to die. It's a simple matter."

"Is that you talking, or your teachers from when you were an imp?"

"Shut up."

The demon and human glower at each other for a moment. Bael claps his hands to interrupt their _festive_ mood. "Alrighty! I've heard enough! Look, Ben, give the kid a chance. And Beelzy, maybe you oughta listen to him. He's a lot smarter'n me, and he might have some ideas about getting the humans back in their cages. Hell, he's worked with Ose several times. Whaddya say? Kiss and make up."

Beelzebub and Ben speak at the same time. "Pass."

Bael's mood instantly sours, and he rolls his eyes. "Tch. Fine. Do what you want. I don't give a shit." He leans forward and points at Beelzebub's half-finished fish. "By the way... you gonna finish that?"

Beelzebub shoves the plate past Rosalia without a second thought. "Eat your heart out."

"Thanks."

After a minute of listening to Bael _shlorp_ fishy chunks down his gullet, Beelzebub rises from his chair. "I'm going out for a walk."

Rosalia leaps up. "Ooh, ooh! I'll go with you! I saw a pond of ducks on the way over! They're super cute, Mister Beelzebub!"

"Oh? Relatives of yours?"

Rosalia blushes. "Is that your way of saying I'm cute?"

"_No._"

The two young demons stride out of the room. Beelzebub sighs, and Rosalia laughs.

...

After they leave, Mephisto turns to Ben. "I defeated Diablo during the battle againssst the Black Witch when he went berssserk. Afterwardsss, Bael decided to choossse a new Emperor. Bael picked Ossse to take Diablo'sss place."

Ben raises an eyebrow. "Oh? I thought Bael would be the new Third if Diablo ever fell. Hell, even you'd be the next best candidate, Mephisto."

Bael shifts in his chair. "Ose used her feminine charms on me. I'm a sucker for a nice piece of ass."

Mephisto seethes. "I would make a far better Emperor than her. I ssstill think you made the wrong decisssion."

"Maybe. We'll find out. Ben, you wanna pop in and say hi to Ose sometime? She might need your help to put the humans in line."

Ben nods. "I suppose so. What about the- the, erm, _Overlords_? Won't they help?"

"We would prefer not to bother them again. They're ssstill ssseething with sssussspicion after we asssked them to dessstroy a planet. Any more, and they will begin asssking troublesssome quessstionsss."

"A wise choice," Ben says. "Well, I guess I can offer. I should warn you two, though... I'm not on speaking terms with Ose. Her old hatred of humans flared up the last time we met. I don't know what I said, but she was quite angry."

"Ose's an odd one," Bael mutters. "But then again, so was her mother. That whole clan of demons is screwy in the head. Never liked any of 'em."

"Yeah," Ben replies. "Can't say I disagree. I don't like her tactics, either. Manipulative. Sociopathic. The only demon worse than her is-"

"Me?" Bael snorts.

"No. Ose's brother."

A chill falls over the table. Mephisto grinds his bony hands together. "Let'sss not ssspeak of sssuch mattersss at the dinner table."

Ben pokes a cooling batch of cheesy lettuce on his plate. His eyes glaze over. "Agreed. I apologize for bringing him up."

Bael shoves his plate away. Horrible memories appear fresh in his mind. 

"Cheh. Lost my damn appetite."