Part 517: Void Beast Assault!

One of the many tens of thousands of Troopers on Tarus II jogs over to another group of Troopers in the center of the Fortress of Retribution, popping open his helmet as he approaches.

"Commander Neil. I've confirmed it." The man says to his superior officer, a man wearing a striking red-and-blue T-REX with heavy armor. "The flow of undead has dried up. There are still stragglers, but we expect to have them finished off within the next three hours."

Neil Adams stands with his helmet only half-engaged, revealing his mouth and neck. A visor continues to cover his eyes, allowing him to keep an eye on the overall situation while he peruses a datapad in his hand.

"Good work." Neil says to the scout. "You can join the Eastern Flank. We have a few hundred undead in that area that need mopping up. Keep an eye out for corpses playing dead. Don't let them grab you by the ankles."

"Yes sir." The scout trooper says, turning and jogging away.

Neil pays no mind to the young man after he leaves. He instead turns his head to a Hummer-wearing trooper beside him.

"Great work today, Linda. You saved me at least a dozen times."

"I take my duties seriously." Linda says, continuing to hold her large and cumbersome sniper rifle close to her chest. "Can't let anything happen to my boyfriend."

A couple troopers nearby cough, then take a few steps away, clearly having heard something they don't think they should have. They glance up into the sky, pretending to admire the waning daylight.

Neil pays them no mind. "Zero casualties. Today went better than I could have dreamed. We were attacked by a demon more powerful than Beelzebub, yet our contingencies held up. Hope and Blinker fended off Mephisto, while the rest of our people kept the undead occupied."

"It was a good result." Linda says through her helmet's intercom. "Everyone did their part."

"Yes. Everyone..." Neil says, his words implying the opposite. "Did you know Archangel Uriel barely contributed to the battle? She simply levitated above the Primary Shelter and killed any straggler undead that came close."

"Uriel isn't our asset." Linda points out. "We have no control over her. It's fortunate she protected the biggest mass of civilians. She could have simply taken a nap inside her little church and we'd have no recourse. At least her presence deterred the strongest undead."

"I'm not exactly taking fault with her actions..." Neil says slowly, as he looks up at his girlfriend. "I just think... it's a shame. She could have done more. She didn't even send out her brothers in their spirit-forms to help."

"Again, she's not ours to command." Linda repeats. "We're lucky she helped at all. From what I understand, the Demon Emperors Mephisto sent to attack us never went near the primary civilian shelter. We can probably chalk that up to Uriel's presence."

Neil glances into the distance, but he can't spot that specific shelter behind all the other buildings in his way.

"Right. It's fine, I suppose. More importantly, look at these performance metrics."

He holds up the datapad so Linda can see its screen.

"Our troopers had an average hit-rate of about 40%. That's 15-20% for those in the thick of the action, and 60% for the snipers and detached regiments. We also saw some surprising results from the Felorians. It seems Brunhilda's people have become significantly more competent than we projected."

Neil leans slightly toward Linda.

"...What do you make of that?"

Linda frowns inside her helmet. "How much more competent?"

"Their abilities seem to have increased anywhere from 50-100%." Neil explains. "For example, this Felorian named Sariah, her speed and strength are rated at Class A+ now, whereas just one week ago she was only Class B. Further, she has already reached her maximum number of visits to the Body Booster. Such a jump should not be possible with the training and empowerment methods we currently possess."

"She received a boost from somewhere else, then." Linda mutters. "And not an insignificant one, either. You don't think the demons...?"

"Not the demons." Neil says, shaking his head. "Lady Brunhilda _detests_ demons. She'll stomach their presence, but I assure you she is more on my side of the fence than Jason's. But now that I mention him..."

Neil trails off, allowing the implication to linger.

"You think he's finding new ways to upgrade our soldiers?" Linda asks.

"It's as good a hypothesis as any." Neil says with a shrug. "I certainly won't fault him for doing so. But it's curious he didn't think to inform me."

"Considering the impending 'split' you've been grumping about, Jason probably isn't as fond of you as he was in the past." Linda says, while deactivating her helmet to give him a pretty smile. "And neither are you all that fond of him."

Neil smiles back at her, then he returns his attention to the reports still flooding in.

"Our soldiers did well." Neil mutters. "Yamir Ironhorn personally slew over 300 undead. Samuel Baker waded into a mass of enemies and killed them all. Seems his fairy powers have become a bit stronger than before his death. Oh, and look at this..."

Neil's voice raises an octave as he reveals a video of an angelic warrior clad in golden armor, ripping through the undead hordes with fluidic ease.

"Is that Uriel?" Linda asks, slightly confused. "But I thought she was at the shelter. No, wait, that's..."

"It's Cassiel. The Daughter of Heaven." Neil says, smiling faintly. "She did well to hide her appearance, but I can't imagine the demons are going to miss the signs of holy energy with a different signature from Uriel. We need to spin this, somehow..."

"We do?" Linda asks. "Shouldn't we tell everyone about her valiant fighting efforts?"

"No." Neil says simply.

The man pauses. He looks off into the distance and sighs.

"Cassiel is a special existence. I've said as much before. She has suffered terribly, and it's remarkable how quickly she's regrown her fighting spirit. Truly the willpower of a Frenchwoman, I would say. But she is still in a delicate state."

He lowers his gaze back to the video.

"Look at her movements. They're jerky and awkward. Unpolished. She's 100,000 years out of date with what her body can do. She's... rusty. And she's only killing those undead so easily because they're pathetic, weak little pissants."

Linda slowly nods. "So you're saying she's not ready to be revealed yet?"

"When she intends to reveal herself, she shall do so herself." Neil states emphatically. "We will _not_ be the ones to unmask her. This was more of a practice run, you see? It's clear she's still trying to fight her trauma. For now, we will put out a statement about a secret superweapon the Wordsmith is building. We'll make up a story about 'bringing back the might of angelkind.' Anything to deflect her true identity. We keep this _hush-hush._"

"...There's a problem with that." Linda says, looking at Neil evenly. "Gressil knows about Cassiel. The moment he blabs her existence to the other Emperors, she won't be able to hide any longer."

"Hahaha." Neil laughs.

"Did I say something funny?" Linda asks.

Humanity's military commander chuckles quietly, then reaches under his helmet to rub his eye. "No, no, it's nothing like that. But don't you find it odd? Gressil has had weeks to tell the other Emperors about Cassiel, yet he hasn't. The longer he goes without acting, and the more intel we receive on him, the more I get a better grip on this strange, frightening monstrosity."

Neil glances around, as if try to look for faint motions in the air, the signs of an invisible lurking predator.

"If I had the powers Gressil had, my logical course of action would be to start quickly assassinating my enemies. Ruining their chain of command. Hell, I might even screw with them just to make them doubt their own eyes. But that is not how the Emperor of Chaos works, is it? He likes to... play with his food. It's not about winning or losing. It's about watching how the pawns fight each other."

Neil raps his knuckle against the datapad. "Gressil won't reveal Cassiel's existence. We know he's already appeared inside her quarters once. He intends to torment her. He doesn't want the other Emperors knowing about her, because he views the angel as being rightfully _his_ possession. He's merely allowing her to be free for a time. Perhaps he may even try to recapture her in the near future."

"Do you even hear what you're saying??" Linda asks, aghast. "We need to up her security detail if that's the case!"

"She already has that Black Hole Construct protecting her." Neil says. "A bunch of ordinary troopers won't be any more helpful in that regard. Soleil showed up in the battle alongside Cassiel, and she was far more effective when it came to combat. I'd say she's one of humanity's secret powerhouses... along with her 'sister', Artoria."

Neil skims past a few more names, pausing when he arrives at humanity's allied Demon Emperors.

"Mephisto was targeting these three." Neil says. "Belial, Kiari, and Beelzebub. Plus some of the Dukes as well. Beelzebub, in particular, had a lot of enemies trying to bring him down, but he held them off with ease."

"Why do you think Mephisto wanted them?" Linda asks.

"He intended to turn them into undead thralls, I imagine." Neil says with a shrug. "Or maybe he wanted to directly consume their power. Either way, they acted as a liability this time. Those three... they almost brought a calamity upon our heads. Mephisto didn't give a damn about us humans, only our so-called Emperor 'friends.' Not sure how I feel about that."

Neil shakes his head. "I need to get back to work prepping my big speech. It's only a little over a week from now, and everything that happened today will act as good fodder for my platform. Can you take care of the rest while I'm busy?"

He smiles at Linda, and she smiles back. "Of course, Neil. Let me know if you have any specific commands. In the meantime, I'll focus on rebuilding the destroyed infrastructure."

"Good. Take care to gather testimonials regarding our combat superiority. I want to emphasize the merits of our military training and how it allowed us to reign supreme against that Demon Deity."

Neil turns to walk away, but then he pauses. A notification appears on his datapad.

"What the..."

Linda frowns, hearing the change in his tone. She peeps over his shoulder, only to find a yellow alert on the screen.

"Something happened?" Linda asks.

"Something indeed." Neil says, his voice turning nasty. "We have a fatality! A little girl died inside one of the shelters! A human child!"

"What? A fatality? Was it because of stress?"

Neil clenches his hand into a fist. "No! It wasn't an accident! All signs point to murder! Linda, with me!"

He and Linda take off, marching toward none other than the largest shelter in the city, the one Uriel fought to protect, all to get down to the bottom of this strange new mystery...

---

_Somewhere in deep space, Fourteen Standard Time Units after the appearance of the Apex Cosmic._

The VLL Archontis IV travels through subspace, racing away from the planet Volgarius at Warp 5. While certainly a fast speed, Warp 5 is also the speed where a Trifrancium Drive will never deplete its reserves, no matter the duration it travels for. This allows it to conserve fuel while traveling across star systems at a moderate pace.

On this particular ship, a dozen Psionic Enclaves reside. It is but one of many vessels traveling on the same vector toward a world intended for temporary residence, should a disaster befall Volgarius.

More than a thousand young Psions reside within this ship. The majority of them are at or below the 3rd Level.

In one particular enclave, about a hundred and fifty junior Psions of the 1st and 2nd level sit cross-legged on the floor while a male teacher prances about before them in a dignified yet somewhat flamboyant manner.

[The situation on Volgarius has been resolved.] Educator Norim says, the black-armored fellow strutting about like a peacock. [I'm sure some of you were a little alarmed, but as predicted, our wise and all-knowing First Founder has resolved the crisis!]

One of his students manifests a dot of light above her head, drawing the Educator's attention.

[Ah yes, Initiator Y'ill!] Norim says, turning to face the inquisitive youngster. [Does my newest student have a question?]

She sits up a little bit straighter. [Educator, I contemplate but I do not comprehend. I have heard rumors that the happenings on Volgarius were caused by the human Wordsmith. Is that truly the case?]

[Haha.] Educator Norim laughs lightly. [Inquisitive minds, always filled with curiosity. You have heard correctly. I am not privy to all the details, but it seems the Second Wordsmith planned to attack Volgarius, yet ultimately failed due to our First Founder's careful planning. No doubt, the First Founder outwitted him with the same ease any self-respecting Volgrim would outwit a lowly mud-dweller.]

Norim motions with his hands to conjure a powerful psionic projection of their fleet, an armada of over a hundred ships all built by the Technopaths of Clan Symmetra.

[We were originally planned to travel to a Class-III world, not particularly suited for habitation, but one that would meet our emergency needs. Now that Founder Unarin has solved the immediate crisis, he has begun recalling our people back to the homeworld. We are expected to receive our recall notice within the next six standard time units. Until then, we will continue on our original path.]

A different student manifests a dot of psionic light above his head, and Norim gestures to him.

[Yes, Initiator Hadwin?]

[Educator. Will Volgarius be able to function properly with 99% of its population missing?] The disciple asks.

[Of course, of course.] Norim says, waving his hand flippantly. [The First Founder long ago made more than ten thousand contingency plans in case of various catastrophic events that might play out. Nothing which has occurred was beyond our great First Founder's ability to predict. You need not worry about such distant woes.]

He pauses for emphasis before continuing. [Further, I have heard from reliable sources that our First Founder has brokered a deal which might prove to be quite satisfying to our people's-]

Abruptly, the Educator stops speaking.

His eyes become unfocused, and he looks away.

Steams of psionic words enter his mind.

[ALERT! THE FLEET HAS BEEN FORCIBLY TORN OUT OF HYPERSPACE! ALL VOLGRIM OF THE 4TH LEVEL AND ABOVE, PREPARE TO ENTER COMBAT WITH ROAMING VOID BEASTS.]

Educator Norim glances at his students. [Stay here. There is an emergency. I must join our combat forces in the Void.]

Without explaining further, he quickly walks out the door while overhead alarms begin to blare. The ship shudders as something strikes its hull, but the shields remain intact.

Educator Norim strides quickly, increasing his speed once he enters the main hallway. He passes by half a dozen 4th-Level Psions, and even a single 5th Level he happens to recognize.

[Proctor Landis!] Norim calls out to his senior Psion, running over to catch up with him. [What manner of Void Beast is attacking us?]

[We are not yet certain. It is an unrecognized species.] The green-colored Psion says with an authoritative voice. [You have not yet reached the 4th Level. You will stay inside. Our forces are not technically sufficient, but there do not appear to be many Void Beasts attacking us. Now, if you'll excuse me.]

The Proctor doesn't wait for Norim's response. His speed abruptly quadruples, and he races ahead, leaving Norim behind.

Frustrated at his inability to help, Norim lowers his head for a moment in shame. Then he continues down the pure-white halls of the Archontis IV, arriving at the observation deck where he and the other senior teachers can finally see what the hell is going on outside the ship.

Technopaths dart around the Observation Deck's different command panels, barking commands in their native language, a mixture of Volgarian and technobabble even Norim can't keep up with. Having never seen a Great Void Beast in his life, Norim widens his eyes when he gets a good look at the monitors. 

Huge creatures, each roughly the size of a Volgrim cruiser, 'swim' in the void like aquatic sea-monsters. Their forms are many and varied, but notably they have semi-translucent skin that reveals their muscles and internal organs. Their bodies range from grey to black, with most ranging on the darker side to better blend in with the void itself.

Some of them resemble large squid-like masses that wrap around the ships with their tentacles to press their toothy maws against the metal and start chewing. Others resemble eyeless sharks, or bipeds with mouths on their 'hands', or any number of other strange and bizarre life-forms.

Educator Norim watches silently as the high-level Psions in the armada quickly and efficient deploy into space and begin attacking the Great Void Beasts. Among the Psions present, there is even a single 7th-Level named Praetor Thade. This particular Praetor turns out to be a powerful Body Manipulator capable of greatly expanding his size, as well as ripping apart enemies and consuming their bodies to empower himself by way of assimilating their DNA.

Along with just four 6th-Level Psions and a hodge-podge of 5th-Levels, the Psions quickly and efficiently take action, battling these Void Beasts with practiced efficiency as per their many millennia of drills. The creatures utter silent screams to the void as the tiny little Psions tear them to shreds, ripping their bodies with ruthless efficiency.

While Norim watches, he happens to overhear a pair of Technopaths nearby.

"-like the others we've seen. Are these really Great Void Beasts?"

"Hmm. They seem much weaker than the ones in our databases."

"Yes. And it's rare for so many of them to appear this deep inside the galaxy. They usually prefer to remain at the fringes of the galaxy, near the Emptiness."

The two Technopaths banter quietly, but Norim's sharp senses easily pick up on their words.

[You said these Void Beasts are unusual?] He asks, walking over to them.

One of the Technopaths nods at Norim. "Ah, Educator. Yes, we were just comparing the creatures attacking our ship to the ones in the historical records. They are substantially weaker than the Void Beasts of old, and furthermore it is quite rare for them to venture so close to the Galactic Core."

[Hm. How odd.] Norim replies, though he doesn't have enough experience with the Void Beasts to add anything worthy of mention to the discussion.

He wanders back to his original spot and waits. After thirty time-units of battle, the Psion Elites return, victorious. With only the weakest of the 5th-Level Psions having suffered minor injuries, the defense was ultimately a huge success.

Norim heads over to meet up with his senior, Proctor Landis. When he does, he finds that the Proctor is in excellent condition, having fought bravely while suffering no injuries of note.

[Proctor. How did the battle go?] Norim asks.

[As well as can be expected.] Landis replies perfunctorily. [Those Void Beasts were weaker than we expected. Perhaps the weakest I've ever seen.]

[You have fought Void Beasts before?] Norim asks, falling into step with his senior as Landis heads to a cleansing room to remove the impurities on his skin.

[Three times, yes.] Landis answers. [I barely even exerted myself. Were there any losses on the ships?]

[None that I have seen.] Norim answers, while tapping into the ship's Psionic Net to double check. [All crew and civilians are accounted-]

He suddenly pauses mid-step, then he blinks twice.

[What in the Founder's name?]

Proctor Landis also pauses, noticing the look of surprise on his junior's face. [Hm?]

[An... an entire enclave has vanished!] Norim exclaims. [Look! How did we miss this?!]

Immediately, Landis taps into the ship's Psionic Net. He follows Norim's data-trail, where he finds the same thing!

Before his eyes, a blueprint of the ship hovers in the air, with a large hole torn in the hull that everyone somehow missed. Huge teeth-marks lay bitten in the ship's underbelly, revealing where a Void Beast must have attacked.

[Attention all personnel!] Landis calls out, transmitting his voice over the net. [A Bronze Enclave has gone missing! Immediately begin searching the void's vicinity for Aspirator Raavul and her entire class!]

[Damn!] Landis roars, his expression turning to rage. [Those accursed Void Beasts! That was the enclave where I left my student!]

[We may yet find the missing Enclave.] Norim says, trying not to sound bothered. [Initiator Ferral was a promising seed. But in the end, he was only a 1st-Level. His loss is unlikely to affect the future of the war.]

[We will not write my progeny off yet!] Landis thunders with righteous indignation. [Fan out! I want all Psions of the 3rd-Level and higher to sweep the vicinity! Leave no space debris unturned! We WILL uncover my progeny's ultimate fate!]

Landis splits off from his senior to inform his class of what happened. After he leaves, Initiator Y'ill breathes a quiet sigh of relief, since she might have been one of the victims devoured by that Void Beast had she remained in Raavul's class.

Six standard time units later, after the fleet receives the order to return to Volgarius, they still fail to find the missing Enclave.

The fleet turns around and returns to Volgarius, forced to write off the loss of their bright young minds as a minor but unavoidable tragedy...

At the same time, in a secret dimension known as Chrona, a hundred Psions _pop_ into existence, their bodies becoming frozen by powerful forces as the First Wordsmith nabs his latest haul...