Part 615: Entering Sharmur

Inside the Labyrinth Core, the number of humans has dwindled significantly. Already, of the tens of thousands who were huddled inside immediately following the destruction of Tarus II, less than half remain. The others have already filed through one of the two Warpgates leading to Pixiv and Sharmur.

Demon Barons and Dukes stand inside the Core on the peripheries, their expressions solemn, as they watch the humans filing outside. As subordinates of the Deities, these demons might love to hurt the humans, but they cannot. They know well that humanity has at least one Demon Deity on their side, as well as a few Emperors. Belial herself sent Gressil scurrying away in a panic not half an hour earlier, and the humans still have Kiari, Leeroy, and Belial on their side, to say nothing of Beelzebub.

The Demon Deities have not held back. Already, rumors of Beelzebub's frightening ascension and massive power spike have begun to spread.

Demon Emperor Crow watches from behind the Sharmur Warpgate, her expression ugly, as a pair of Barons behind her whisper conspiratorially.

"For reals! I heard he smashed apart ten planets and sent the Volgrim packing."

"Beelzebub? I mean he's strong, but there's no way he became a Deity. That's crazy talk."

"I thought so too! Only Diablo could turn Emperors into Deities, right? And he's dead now. But no, this comes down from the top. Beelzy broke through the power barrier all on his own."

"Man, since when did it become so easy to break through? I heard the Emperors spent 100,000 years trying and they only ever failed. Then Wolfram made it, died, and now every Joe Blow is becoming a Deity!"

Crow's irritation finally boils over. She snaps her head to the side and shouts at her two subordinates. "Caw!! Both of you, shut it! I don't want to hear another word about that blasted Beelzebub!"

The two Barons lower their heads, looking contrite. "Y-yes, Emperor Crow."

Dissatisfied, Crow returns her gaze forward, grumbling to herself under her breath.

"How did he do it?" Crow mutters. "Damned Beelzebub. Ascending like it's a measly party trick. I sit here, conduct rituals like a damned clown, and he gets blown to smithereens only to come back stronger than before. Outrageous. There's no karma in the universe."

Crow's gaze flicks around the crowd. Suddenly, out of the corner of her eye, she spots a pair of human women. She looks at them for a moment, feeling something might be slightly off about them. That feeling passes, and her eyes move on.

Meanwhile, inside the crowd, one of those human women feels a chill go down her spine. The feeling of a powerful pair of eyes falling on her makes her blood turn to ice, but then the gaze vanishes, and she breathes a little easier.

"Is something wrong, Cammy?" Her companion asks. "Your heartrate has spiked noticeably. Are you experiencing a panic attack due to the presence of so many people?"

"No, Serra. It's nothing like that." Cassiel says, tightly clutching the Heaven's Shroud hidden under her white dress. "I... I felt that a powerful entity was looking at me. An enemy."

Soleil quickly looks around the crowd of tens of thousands of people, but she doesn't notice anyone unusual. "Emperor Belial scared Gressil away. It is unlikely to be him, though I am still keeping my eyes peeled."

"It wasn't him." Cassiel says quietly. "I don't know who it was. But the gaze felt... familiar."

Soleil stands a little closer to Cassiel and wraps her arm around her protectively. The two continue to wait as the crowd slowly shuffles forward, with people entering one of the two Warpgates leading to Pixiv or Sharmur.

Eventually, a small commotion rises up behind the rear of the crowd. Cassiel turns around to see Emperor Belial returning through the Core entrance, looking a little depressed but also entirely uninjured.

"Seems she drove Gressil away." Cassiel mutters.

"Based on her solemn expression, she failed to kill him." Soleil replies. "Unfortunate, to say the least. As long as he's around, you'll always be in danger."

"Why did Belial attack him, anyway?" Cassiel asks.

Soleil's eyes shine for a moment as she rapidly calculates the various possibilities.

"Based upon information I've collected since my creation, there is a 54.3% chance that Gressil's statements about killing the Wordsmith and his wife incited Emperor Belial into a rage. She was publicly seen many times alongside them, and appeared to have close relations with both. It is likely she was a close friend of Phoebe Hiro in particular."

"So she was angry about losing someone she loved." Cassiel says, nodding slightly. "She was able to drive Gressil away. Is Belial... strong?"

"You do not know of her strength?" Soleil retorts.

"I... know she's a shapeshifter." Cassiel says. "And she fought during Stormbringer. But aside from some information Raphael told me long ago, I'm not clear on her limits."

"Physically speaking, Belial is publicly acknowledged to be the strongest of all Emperors." Soleil explains. "She was more than capable of putting down Bael at his peak, and even Emperor Crow was unable to match her strength. Crow possesses superior defenses as a result of her armored feathers, but Belial's 'True Succubus Form' rivals them in equal measure. In a match of pure strength, it is said that Belial wins every time."

"But when we met her at the hospital, Belial said she lost to Emperor Ose." Cassiel points out. "If she's so strong, then...?"

"Strength alone does not dictate victory." Soleil points out. "There are many such cases throughout history. The angels never should have lost to the demons, but a combination of arrogance and naïveté regarding the demons' capabilities led to their slow erosion of power and ultimate defeat. Ose was a bad matchup for Belial."

A minute passes. Cassiel remains quiet, thinking to herself about a great many things.

Then, she turns and starts to pull away from the crowd, making Soleil raise an eyebrow.

"My lady? Is something wrong?"

"No. Not exactly." Cassiel says. "It is simply... I have avoided demons like Belial for a long time. But looking at her past history, she seems to have changed greatly over the last six years, and likely the 100,000 before then. I think... she could prove a valuable ally."

"She is a demon." Soleil says simply.

"She is humanity's friend. She has proven her loyalty time and time again." Cassiel counters. "Come along."

Despite her misgivings, Soleil simply nods. She follows along as Cassiel makes her way to the back of the crowd. There, Belial stands, surrounded by ordinary humans and even a random Demon Baron on humanity's side. Cassiel hesitates when she sees the Baron, but only pauses for an instant before gently gliding through the throng of people toward Belial.

"Um... excuse me. Excuse me." Cassiel says quietly, as she draws within earshot and reaches toward Belial.

Belial, seemingly in a daze, snaps out of it and glances around, meeting Cassiel's eyes. "Huh? What is it? Oh... you?"

Despite having met Cassiel and Soleil at the hospital some months before, Belial only recognizes them when Cassiel subtly reveals her Heaven's Shroud by pulling it from her blouse for a moment before quickly tucking it back inside. Belial's eyes flicker with realization.

"Sorry, it's just, I was wondering if we could speak, Lady Belial." Cassiel says softly.

"Call me Samantha." Belial says, smiling faintly. Her smile disappears, and she carefully glances upward toward the ceiling, where the astral projections of the Demon Deities stand, upside-down. "I was... about to head to Sharmur. Would you like to join me there?"

"It'll be a while before the crowd is finished transferring." Cassiel points out.

"I never worry about crowds." Belial says confidently.

She touches Cassiel's arm, nods at Soleil, and then starts weaving her way through the bunched-up humans. Cassiel and Soleil follow her, and within a few minutes, they pass through the gate to Sharmur.

Arriving on a new world is always a shocking experience. When Cassiel and Soleil pass through, they arrive on an Earth-like planet that is superficially similar to humanity's homeworld, yet distinctly different from it in countless ways.

The first thing Cassiel notices is the smell. A musky, wet, tropical odor permeates the air, making her forehead crease as she tries to identify the alien smells barraging her nostrils. Strange bugs the size of dragonflies buzz around in the air a hundred feet above the ground, driven back by a faint but distinct high-pitched noise produced by various magical devices, designed for humans and demons to be able to ignore for the most part. Naturally, demons, with their more sensitive hearing, will be more irritated by these noises than the comparatively simpler humans, but compared to allowing these giant bugs to pester them, the tradeoff is worth it.

What surprises Cassiel the most are the three giant moons visible in the sky above Sharmur. Unlike Earth, which only had one, Sharmur is quite stereotypical for paradise-class worlds in the Milky Way, as its number of moons strongly correlate to the average number most have, at four. These moons are not lifeless either. One of them appears to be colored green and blue, another hotspot of life, habitable by Sentients, though currently populated only by ordinary creatures and game.

Cassiel looks around in a daze, finding herself standing atop a tall temple, rising nearly twenty stories aboveground. Shaped like a pyramid with its top cut off, this temple is Sharmur's Warpgate Nexus, a place built by the Volgrim hundreds of thousands, if not millions of years ago. Four statues of ancient Volgrim Ascended stand at the corners of the Nexus, each one holding their palms out while facing the north, east, west, and south. Their presence seems to state that the Volgrim forbid unauthorized creatures from coming, though whether that had any effect on the Kolvaxians when they attacked a year earlier seems unlikely.

"Over here." Belial says, gesturing to Cassiel. "Come with me."

Cassiel hesitates, momentarily fearing this is a ploy to trap her and Soleil in an isolated area so Belial can kill them. But a moment of thought reassures her that this concept makes no sense for the Belial who has been with humanity for the past six years, so she simply nods and follows along.

The demon, angel, and black hole construct arrive at the edge of the pyramid, where a long staircase awaits, leading twenty stories straight down to the ground. Various statues of famous living and dead demons line the walkway, along with handrails so people can more easily ascend and descend without losing their footing.

"Where are you taking us?" Cassiel asks.

"Somewhere safe." Belial says, a hint of warning in her voice. "Beware. The shadows have ears."

Cassiel nods. She and Soleil follow after Belial, and thirty minutes later, they arrive in a ruined city that has already begun reconstruction. Formerly the capital city of Sharmur, known as Murax, this city was devastated by the Kolvaxian attack, and many of its famed buildings and sights crumbled to rubble. Cassiel's expression dims visibly as she and Soleil walk past countless humans wearing rags, uniforms, and whatever else they can scrounge up, all working to slowly clear away the rubble.

"Before I joined the Wordsmith and his fellow humans, I often visited Sharmur." Belial says, as they walk. "I've always liked this world. The Hell of Isolation treated humans well. Not like slaves, but like trusted subordinates, or perhaps beloved pets. They could never entirely be equals due to their power differences and the restrictions placed by the 'Overlords', but Shax and Murmur sought to lead a world where all could be treated well, regardless of their species."

Cassiel looks at Belial's back as the Demon Emperor leads her toward an unknown destination. "You were Satan the Devil's wife. Why do you care so much about humanity?"

"I have a different perspective from my fellow demons." Belial says, after thinking for a moment. She doesn't look back at Cassiel as she speaks. "They see humans as cattle. Food to empower themselves. But I was a Demon Emperor from the moment my people met the ancient dragon. I never felt the hunger for power that the lesser demons did. Perhaps that gave me a chance to look at the relationship between humans and demons from a more detached perspective. I found the cruelty and violence to be... repugnant."

Belial pauses. She spots a small hut, relatively intact, and currently abandoned. She inspects it for a moment, then steps inside. Cassiel and Soleil follow her.

It doesn't take a genius to realize that humans once lived in this small clay-built abode. At only ten feet high and a hundred feet of square internal space, it's barely big enough for one or two people, made evident by the single bed covered in dust tucked in the corner. A small wood-fed stove in the back, a table, and some chairs are all that remains as proof humans once lived here. No longer among the living, devoured by the Plague, not even pictures remain of the hut's former residents.

Belial dusts off a chair and sits at the table, heavily plunking down in it while exhaling softly. Cassiel sits across from her, while Soleil remains standing, due to there only being two chairs. She doesn't mind, as she never feels fatigued anyway.

"So you grew to care for humans?" Cassiel asks.

"Satan and I had a complicated relationship." Belial says evenly. "I loved him. He loved me. But... I did not share his hatred of the angels, the humans, or the Titans. Many times, in order to cause mayhem, he would send me into human palaces, disguised as a dancer, a handmaiden, or even a... personal servant... for the male rulers. I bewitched them, led them into traps, and Satan killed them. He toppled countless governments and kingdoms this way over humanity's long history, and was rarely found out."

"You killed those men?" Cassiel asks.

"No. Like I said, I led them into traps. It was always Satan or one of his lackeys who did the killing."

Belial pauses, then shakes her head.

"Actually. I _did_ kill them. Indirectly, but I was their executioner. I always tried to excuse my actions by deflecting blame, but the truth was, I took the easy way out for my conscience by letting others do the dirty work. If I hadn't set up those men, they would have died of old age."

"Perhaps." Soleil retorts. "Or they could have been assassinated through other means. One cannot assume they would die of old age simply because you did not kill them. Powerful people always have many enemies."

"Mere platitudes." Belial says resting her cheek on her palm. She places an elbow on the table and absentmindedly starts drawing circles in the dust. "My point is that I'm a demon. I've killed people, even if not with my own hands. I'm just trying to make up for it now."

"So you want to be a better person, then?" Cassiel asks pointedly.

Belial doesn't immediately respond.

She stares at the dust, continuing to twirly her finger around it and draw increasingly larger circles.

"I don't know what I want anymore. Phoebe is dead. She's all that was sustaining me. I failed to protect her. I don't even know if she died from sudden time dilation, or Gressil."

Belial takes a minute to explain the mechanics of time dilation to Cassiel. Surprisingly, Cassiel understands everything and even elaborates at a few points, demonstrating her solid understanding of science and physics.

"Time dilation sickness is a serious matter." Cassiel confirms. "I hadn't thought about it before, but it makes sense. The transition from higher to lower temporal speeds, and vice-versa, those would assuredly cause adverse reactions in someone unprepared. The fact she was pregnant only increased the risk factor."

"Phoebe wasn't pregnant." Belial corrects. "She gave birth months ago."

"Oh. Well, my point stands. Gressil... probably did not kill her."

"Probably?" Belial asks, raising her eyes from the table to meet Cassiel's gaze.

The two stare at each other for a moment.

"Well. There's always a chance." Cassiel says, her voice lowering. "Especially when it involves _him_."

Belial chews her lower lip. Then she looks away.

"You're the Daughter of Heaven."

Cassiel's eye twitches. Belial's words are not a question, but simply a statement of fact.

"Yes."

"So you're the one who killed Emperor Red Raven?" Belial asks.

"I am." Cassiel answers.

"Then you are in a dangerous situation." Belial concludes, raising her head from her palm. She rests both arms on the table and looks at Cassiel with a surprising amount of tenderness. "All the Archangels are dead. Raphael, Michael, Gabriel, Camael, Uzziel, Uriel, and the most ancient ones, too. The ordinary angels have long since passed into memory. You are the last member of their species, and you're a _Lazarite_. You're more human than angel."

Cassiel nods. "I never truly felt like the angels accepted me or my fellow Lazarites. That is a... fair assessment."

"A lot of demons would like to capture, torture, and kill you." Belial says evenly. "A lot of them. _Especially_ Emperor Crow."

Cassiel winces. "I... fought Crow recently. In the Queenie."

"The what?" Belial asks.

"The Queen Network. It's a virtual battlefield made by Amelia and the fairies." Cassiel explains. "You... haven't visited it?"

"No. I don't play games." Belial says. "But you fought Crow there? So she knows you're alive?"

Cassiel quickly shakes her head. "I posed as Uriel, but I did end up using my Lazarite powers. She mistook me for Camael."

Belial scoffs. "Crow isn't stupid. She knows Camael is dead. And since Uriel is dead, you can't go to the 'Queenie' anymore. If you do, she'll uncover your identity. She'll come for you, and she'll kill you."

Cassiel's eyes harden. She grits her teeth and looks down at the table.

"...I know."

"Is that an 'I know' meaning you won't go anymore, or are you implying a different meaning?" Belial presses.

"Gressil captured me after the end of the Energy Wars." Cassiel says quietly. "He... tortured me. Abused me. Raped me. For tens of thousands of years. He broke me in ways I couldn't fathom. I thought I would go insane, especially when that awful _aura_ of his kept invading my mind. But, for some reason, I never did. I held onto my sanity, even when I wished I wouldn't. It only made things worse. He broke my spirit, broke my body, and made it so I couldn't even speak."

Tears well up in Cassiel's eyes. Soleil softly rests her hand on her shoulder.

"I... I felt so weak. So useless. More than anything else, I felt like a failure. How could I, the so-called 'Daughter of Heaven', have failed so miserably that I couldn't save anyone? I couldn't even take my own life. _He_ made sure of that."

She pauses for a moment to wipe her eyes.

"After... after the Wordsmith rescued me, I thought I could never be whole again. I was terrified of every shadow. I was so scared, so traumatized, I couldn't breathe sometimes. It hasn't been long, you know. It hasn't been long since you and the others _broke me out._"

Cassiel grits her teeth again.

"But... but I just can't! I can't keep hiding away, scared of whether or not that bastard will come to take me away! He's already shown himself to me twice, you know! Twice! He's taunting me! He wants me to feel anxious, to fear him! That sick bast- he gets off on it!"

"So you want to fight back." Belial says.

"I do! I DO!" Cassiel exclaims. "I don't want to be weak! I don't want to be helpless! I don't want to cower in fear just because Crow might come after me, or Gressil, or one of those horrible Demon Deities! I am still sane. I am still capable of doing things to help my species, the humans, even if I'm not as powerful as I once was."

Cassiel heaves a great sigh.

"I don't want to be afraid anymore, Samantha. That's why I approached you."

"You want me to protect you? From Crow and Gressil?" Samantha asks.

"I have Soleil on my side. She can put up a fight against them." Cassiel says, gesturing to her companion. "But I don't know if she would win against Gressil. Sometimes, she departs my side to run an errand or perform a task. That leaves me vulnerable. If I ask you to protect me, that doesn't solve the problem. It simply obfuscates it a little more."

Cassiel leans forward. She balls her hands into fists and presses them against the table, looking at Belial intensely.

"You're one of the strongest Emperors, right? I want you to help me. To train me. I need to become powerful again. I need to become as strong as I used to be- no, to become _stronger_! I need to surpass my former identity. I need to become capable of protecting myself. Only then will I be assured I won't EVER have to fear these ancient demons again!"

Belial leans back in her chair.

She looks at Cassiel with surprise.

"You want me to... train you? But... you're an angel. You only need faith energy to become stronger."

"Faith energy empowers my body. But it's not my body that needs strength; It's my mind." Cassiel explains. "I flinch in the face of danger now. I didn't do that 100,000 years ago. I'm angry, but my psyche is still ruled by fear. I cannot become a pillar for humanity if I'm scared of creatures slithering in the dark. That's why I need your help."

Belial looks away.

She thinks for a minute or two, but it doesn't take her long to come to a decision.

"I need to visit Chrona. I promised myself I would help raise Phoebe's son, Timothy. I can't leave my nephew alone. Every minute we stay here, he ages another 250 minutes. I'll miss his entire childhood if I take a few days to respond."

"Chrona is that place Jason Hiro made, right?" Soleil asks. "Could we go with you? If it's time-accelerated, my lady could make great gains there, and quickly. We'd also be safe from Gressil and Crow, at least temporarily..."

"That's up to Fiona." Belial says. "But I can ask for you. She might say it's okay. Be prepared to be let down, though."

"Sure." Cassiel says, exhaling softly. "Thank you. I... didn't think you'd listen to my request. You're different from what I expected."

Belial smiles and shakes her head. "That's because I've changed. Phoebe and Jason changed me."

She reaches into her bra, one of the few places she can store items given her scantily-clad nature, and pulls out a small glowing button of some kind. She closes her eyes, focuses her mind, and transmits a series of thoughts into it. After a moment, she frowns.

"Is something wrong?" Cassiel asks.

"Well. I just asked Fiona if I could go to Chrona." Belial answers, confusion etched onto her face. "But... she said no. She rejected me. I... why would she...?"

Belial pauses, then she concentrates again, transmitting additional thoughts into the magical button. Her expression falls even further.

"...Fiona says my place is in Realspace. The humans need me. They need a healer and a protector. My strength helps shield them. She says she can raise Timothy on her own. What the heck! I can't believe she'd..."

Belial's confusion turns to anger, and then dismay. She lowers her head.

"No. It makes sense. Fiona isn't Phoebe. They might be cut from the same cloth, but... it was Phoebe I loved. Phoebe is dead. Fiona is... a clone of her earlier self, but she's not actually Phoebe. She probably doesn't have any feelings for me. It seems I was lying to myself, hoping to use Timothy as an excuse to get closer to Fiona. All to fill the void in my heart. She saw right through me."

Belial's shoulders sag in defeat. She stares blankly at the table, seemingly unsure of what to do.

Cassiel, likewise, looks away, somewhat awkwardly.

"I'm sorry about Phoebe's death." Cassiel says. "I didn't know her well, but I know she rescued me. And so did you. I owed her a great deal. If I were stronger, I might have been able to protect her, and the other humans too. Those Volgrim... they caused so much pain and destruction. Maybe even Gressil was involved. These creatures are our shared enemies."

"Yeah they are." Belial says quietly. "I'm sorry. I... didn't mean to get so emotional. I'm feeling helpless right now, bitter about a lot of things. Since I don't have anything else to do, I guess I can work to train and protect you. Fiona's right, even if I don't want to admit it. I'm needed here on Sharmur more than ever. Humanity has lost most of its pillars. Maybe this is my true calling in life."

"Maybe it's both our callings." Cassiel says with a smile.

The three women remain silent for a while, then eventually, they get up and leave.

In the distance, a two-headed figure watches them from inside an illusion. Gressil chuckles softly to himself, then he disappears.

"Oh, my little Birdie..."