Part 520: Diablo's Secret

While a few hours have come and gone in realspace, far more time has passed in the dimension known as Chrona. Jason Hiro only recently captured a school of Psions, but now, he's had the lesser part of one Chrona-day to acclimate them to their new living situation.

Most of the students appear enthused to walk around in a human-created dimension. While the technology in Chrona certainly appears shabby compared to that of the Volgrim Empire, Jason's world makes up for it with lush forests, grass, and flowers spread out in any direction they look.

Never have these humble 'children' of the Psions seen greenery in person, let alone such a substantial amount! Jason even begins to feel dismayed by how sheltered they act, gasping, oohing, and ahhing at every new flower or greenery they pass. Even their revered teacher, a 14,000 year old Psion of some notoriety, can't help but admire her surroundings.

Still, the youngsters mostly keep their commentary tamped down. Only one of them practically blows his stack with excitement every time he finds a new sight to set his eyes on.

[Incredible! Beautiful! How truly gorgeous!] Initiator Ferral crows as he kneels down to look at a white lily floating on a pond just outside Chrona's cityscape. [The white! The green! It blends together so immaculately! What beautiful colors compared to the hideous, grey, drab decor of the Volgrim Empire! I feel as if I have entered paradise!]

[Ahem. Initiator Ferral. Insulting our culture is _not_ an appropriate act of decorum.] Aspirator Raavul says, a hint of annoyance in her voice. [Once more, I must insist you restrain your excitement.]

The other Initiators glance at each other, laughing telepathically in private. But even they have to admit that while the silly Ferral might be outspoken, his words are not entirely baseless. This causes Raavul some consternation, as even she has to acknowledge the ugliness of the Volgrim Empire compared to the beauty of Terrankind's nature.

Still, she refuses to allow her student to blatantly and outright insult the Empire in front of mere mud-dwellers. It's an unacceptable action in her eyes, one that demeans ten million years of her culture's glory and valor.

Ferral doesn't even bother to look back at his teacher. His gaze instead remains fixated on the flower floating in the pond.

[I apologize for nothing, master! This world is what I have yearned for since my body was first formed! I finally feel as if I have found my purpose!]

Jason, standing off to the side of the Enclave, coughs into his fist. "Your teacher is right. There's no need to belittle the Volgrim Empire. While Volgarius itself might be a hellish landscape of concrete and steel with not a tree in sight, your people almost certainly control many paradise-class worlds. You-"

Before Jason can continue, Raavul quickly cuts him off. [Apologies, Wordsmith, but you are wrong. We have lost control of all our paradise-class worlds. Only the ones owned by non-Volgrim subspecies remain within our periphery.]

Jason swallows his words. "Really? But why? How...?"

[I am not a high-enough ranked Psion to join the galactic army. Therefore, I am not privy to any classified details.] Raavul explains. [However, I have long kept an eye on the galactic starmap. I know of the vast majority of worlds inside the Milky Way. I also know which ones are ostensibly controlled by which species, be they Volgrim on non-Volgrim.]

She pauses to heave a mental sigh.

[The War is unending. The Plague prefer to target worlds rich in life. Those worlds typically end up being paradise-class planets. Sharmur was one such world lost recently. Tarus II could be the next. Even worse, the more a planet teems with life, the greater the benefits it provides to the Plague. The Kolvaxians can reproduce faster if they have ample access to a ready food supply.]

"If you're not in the military, then how do you even know any of that?" Jason questions.

[One need not fight for their empire to perform their own investigations.] Raavul retorts. [I and plenty of others in my place have long learned some of the intricacies our forces face in the Void. The universe is a cold and merciless place.]

Jason considers her words carefully. [Yeah. Of that, I have no doubt.]

He cannot fathom the monsters which truly lurk elsewhere in the cosmos, the distant galaxies beyond his conceptualization of the universe...

Jason continues to talk to the Psions, leading them around. At some point, a female voice softly calls out to him from behind.

"Jason. Do you have some free time?"

The Wordsmith turns around and smiles as he spots his Mind-Wife, Fiona. "Hey, honey. Something happen?"

He doesn't mention the Spynet, though his Volgrim guests will learn of its existence sooner rather than later. For now, he intends to show them the brighter side of Chrona before exposing any dangerous secrets he'd rather the Founders not learn.

"No. Nothing like what you're thinking." Fiona says, as she walks up to him, a weak smile on her face.

Invisible question marks bubble up over Jason's head. He notices Fiona seems to be acting different from usual. She seems... hesitant. Not confident, like she usually is.

The Wordsmith clears his throat and turns back to the Psions. "Pardon me. I'm going to go chat with my wife for a bit. I'll be back soon."

Raavul glances at the two of them, but her ability to read the emotions of Terrans is fairly limited. She isn't certain why the Wordsmith's wife would pull him away, but she still judges it not to be her business.

[Of course. We will remain in this garden until you return.]

With one last nod, Jason departs with Fiona, heading back into the city center.

"Are you sure it's alright to leave those Psions alone?" Fiona asks.

Jason starts to answer, but he can't help noticing Fiona is winding her hair around her finger in a strangely nervous manner.

"They'll be fine. More importantly, what's all this about, honey? You seem... on edge."

"Let's wait until we're more private." Fiona says, making Jason even more worried and curious.

It doesn't take long until they arrive back at their home and head inside. Once there, Jason turns on the light in his room and sits at a table in his kitchen, while Fiona uneasily sits across from him. Unlike Jason, she requires no sleep, and thus she doesn't have a bed of her own or other ordinary human amenities.

The two remain silent for a moment, until Jason's curiosity gets the better of him.

"Well...?" He asks gently. "Why do I have the feeling I fucked something up again? You're acting like a nervous schoolgirl right now."

"I don't want to offend you." Fiona says slowly. "I... I didn't get a say in my creation. You never asked Phoebe if you could 'make me,' and I never resented you for doing so. You had enemies. You needed a mental shield. I was the logical choice. But today, I want to ask you for a favor that I feel has been a long time coming."

Jason's face smooths out, and his expression becomes more solemn as he starts guessing what she's about to ask.

"And that would be?"

"I want to separate from your Mind Realm." Fiona says, deciding to blurt it out and rip the band-aid off. "I'm still a lot like Phoebe, Jason. I love you to death. But being trapped in your Mind Realm has felt so... suffocating. When you're in Chrona, I can walk and talk with a body that is practically fully-human. But whenever you leave, I get pulled back into your Mind Realm, and..."

She trails off, leaving the implication hanging.

A quiet moment follows, as Jason digests her request.

"I've been wondering if you'd ask me to do this." Jason says. "It's a good idea. And our circumstances have changed. I don't need you in my head to protect my thoughts from Psions. I do enjoy having you in there, though. It's... nice... being able to share such an intimate link with someone. I often feel closer to you than I do Phoebe."

"And I feel the same!" Fiona exclaims. "It's just... I'm a social butterfly, Jason. You know me. I love talking to people. I don't like sitting in silence for long periods of time. I enjoy a good book like any other person, but those moments of quiet can become oppressive when they go on for too long."

"You're an extrovert." Jason says. "And I'm a bit of an introvert. It's fine. I think if our roles were reversed, and I had to stay in your head, I'd probably be okay with it. But that's simply a difference in personality. It's no issue at all, Fiona. I'd be happy to split you off. It's just..."

Jason winces.

"...how? How can you split off? Raphael warned me that if I recklessly pulled you out of my head, both of us could suffer permanent damage. I don't know if I can just plunk you in a new body, either."

"I don't think that would work, no." Fiona says. "Based on the few experiments I've done, as well as some educated guessing and pure conjecture, one cannot simply attach souls to new bodies willy nilly. That's what necromancers do, and it often leaves the body a half-rotted husk."

She pauses for half a beat.

"There is another option though. You can bind my existence to Chrona."

Jason blinks. "What? How would that work?"

"You understand how Heroic Artifacts function, right?" Fiona asks. "Chrona is important to me. It might be a giant dimension, but you crafted it with your magic. It's an artificial construct. A living nexus of sorts... an artifact. I believe you could bind my soul to it, and I could live within it in the same way Arthur lives within Excalibur, or Lorent within his executioner's axe."

Jason sags into his chair. He looks at his mind-wife with a bit of surprise, and a dash of fear.

"You've thought this through. But... Raphael said transplanting you from my mind back into the real world could cause both of us serious issues."

"Raphael could be wrong." Fiona says lamely, though it's clear even she doesn't buy that argument. "Even if he's right, you're a Wordsmith. Surely you can patch up whatever flaws happen, right?"

"You're asking me?" Jason questions. "I don't know! I've never tried pulling a soul out of someone, let alone the soul of my wife which has partially fused with mine. What if I totally screw up and destroy my Wordsmithing? Magic comes from the soul, you know. I won't be able to fix anything if this transfer goes awry."

Fiona bobs her head from side to side thoughtfully.

"Then you should talk to Raphael and see if you can find a compromise, Jason. Now that I've tasted freedom and the ability to walk around again, I don't want to lose it. Maybe Sam can direct you to a demon who would be able to help?"

"No way. Fuck that." Jason says, immediately rejecting the idea. "Asking Raphael for help is fine. But I'm not putting our lives in the hand of any demon. Samantha, sure, but not any others. I'd rather come up with a solution myself."

He rubs his chin.

"Tell you what. Why don't I bring Phoebe to Chrona? It would be good to have her here anyway. She can have the baby here and you and her can work together to find a solution for this soul-fusion problem."

"There is another option." Fiona points out. "Wasn't Rebecca going to arrive soon with Marie's Cybernites? They might be able to offer us some assistance."

"With soulcrafting?" Jason asks skeptically.

"Possibly. Or something else. We might as well put them to work immediately. That's the whole point of bringing highly advanced cyborgs into our collective. They must have picked up SOME useful knowledge over the years."

The two continue going back and forth, but don't ultimately decide on a solid plan.

"You've given me a lot to think about, honey." Jason says as the talk winds down. "I'm not mad you want to split off. I was even expecting this at some point. I just think we need to be extremely careful in how we proceed. We need a backup plan or a failsafe of some sort."

"Yeah... sorry." Fiona apologizes. "I got a little too excited. You're right. We have plenty of time to find an optimal solution. I should spend more time trying to solve Blinker's condition for now."

"She still hasn't recovered?" Jason asks. "It all happened so suddenly. What did Mephisto hit her with to weaken her so severely?"

"You heard Unarin." Fiona replies. "Cosmics possess incredible power. Hope might be hurting too, for all we know. We should check on him."

"I'll look him up on the Spynet, see what he looked like after the battle." Jason says. "But... he seemed really pissed at me. I thought after all these years he'd be over our old issues, but-"

"It hasn't been years for him." Fiona quickly points out. "We're in a time-accelerated space. Hope isn't."

"...are you sure about that?" Jason asks. "Hope, uh... he seemed oddly proficient with those artifacts. If I had the idea to make a time-accelerated domain, then Hope certainly might have too, especially since he has Solomon helping him."

"I'll check the Spynet's records." Fiona promises. "If he did make a domain of his own, there should be signs."

Jason nods. "That would be for the best."

---

Emperor Yardrat levitates in the air, keeping close to the Archdemon in the same way as all the other Emperors. A few hours have passed since he received word that Mephisto was snapped up by Founder Dosena, but he doesn't dare relax his guard. If Mephisto were to break free of the Psion's clutches, he could warp to Numaria in seconds and nab himself an Emperor. Yardrat has no intention of being the first idiot to fall.

In the meantime, the demons gaze up at the Archdemon in awe as Diablo holds all four of his arms overhead, aiming them up at the sky.

Diablo manipulates his cosmic energy to travel a great distance into the void. He 'reaches' up toward the moon Crow destroyed when she slammed Mephisto into it, and Diablo begins pulling the five supermassive shards together, combining the moon back into one piece.

It takes a great deal of effort, but Diablo makes the process seem effortless. He finishes up his work and mostly compresses the moon back together, though gravity will have to do the rest of the work over the next few thousand years. At least now, giant chunks of the moon will not rain down upon Numaria and render all its remaining life extinct.

After finishing, Diablo remains immobile for a time. He stares straight forward, his giant body becoming like a statue for reasons unknown. Yardrat raises an eyebrow as he feels the Archdemon's energy become minutely less impressive, though he isn't certain why.

Suddenly, a voice speaks up from behind him.

"Yardrat."

The Emperor of the Void nearly jumps out of his skin. He whirls around, his eyes widening as he sees none other than Diablo himself levitating in the air. Not in his flesh-body, but an astral projection of Cosmic Energy that also completely masks his demonic presence. No matter how Yardrat tries to focus, he can't get a read on Diablo's soul signature.

"You... what sorcery is this?" Yardrat asks.

"I cannot exit the Archdemon's body." Diablo explains. "I am not a true Cosmic Entity. I merely possess the uncanny ability to conjure the form of an ancient monster from the Primordial Era. I control it like a puppet. But so long as I do, demonkind will not be easily bullied by the humans, the Volgrim, or even... the Plague. For now, I must rely on this little trick to travel around in my normal form."

Yardrat turns his head to look at the Archdemon for a moment, then he returns his attention to Diablo's astral form. The Second Emperor appears as impressive as ever, suited out in his black cloak with gold trim. His bushy beard and sideburns make him appear sufficiently authoritative to regain control of demonkind.

"What are we going to do now?" Yardrat asks. "The Emperors will naturally defer to your commands, but we face many threats. The Second Founder didn't appear ready to take you on, and the Wordsmiths probably aren't a major threat anymore... but the Plague..."

Yardrat's expression becomes glum.

"...we have no defense against the Plague. We even lost Sharmur."

"I am aware of Sharmur's fate." Diablo says calmly, crossing his arms. "I wanted to intervene, but the First Emperor told me the time was not yet right. He told me we must not act until the players of the Game had begun to move their pieces around the board. And he was right."

Yardrat gives Diablo a quizzical look. "So you sacrificed Sharmur? You threw away Shax's Hell? I never took you for the sentimental type, but even for you, that's cold."

"Sharmur was lost." Diablo says slowly. "But... who is to say it must remain lost forever? Who is to say we cannot take it back?"

"Pah. You're screwing with me." Yardrat says with a scoff. "You think it's that easy? The Volgrim have been trying for millennia. Every world that fell remained lost to them forever. We demons are much weaker than them. We have no chance."

"That is why you fail." Diablo retorts. "You've already given up in your heart. With such a mindset, you'll never be capable of achieving greatness, let alone walking the path of a Cosmic. Let me tell you, Yardrat... the demons are not the Volgrim. We can be better than them. Superior."

Diablo lifts his chin. A look of haughtiness and pride enters his eyes.

"I am the Archdemon. My powers are greater than you imagine. Two years ago, in secret, I stole away to a world overrun by the Plague on the First Emperor's orders. I morphed into the Archdemon and fought a hellish battle there."

He pauses.

"I eradicated the Plague across every corner of the world. In the end, even when the High Psion Plagueborn came, I repelled them as well. I have the _power_ to change the fate of the galaxy."

It takes a few seconds for Yardrat to realize Diablo isn't joking.

"You're telling the truth?" Yardrat asks, his mouth slackening in disbelief. "How is that even possible?"

"The Plague has a weakness, and the First Emperor discovered it." Diablo explains. "But exploiting that weakness is... not so easy. I might be the only entity currently capable of doing so. However, there is another individual who can assist our efforts."

Yardrat's face scrunches up as he realizes the answer.

"Don't tell me. _The Wordsmith._"

"Possibly." Diablo says. "But no. Not Jason, nor Hope. They are not the ones of whom I speak. The individual who can help demonkind ascend is none other than..."

When Diablo speaks the name, Yardrat's expression turns ugly.

"You're kidding. You HAVE to be joking with me. GLINCH? He nearly killed us all! He's just going to hang us out to dry and save his own skin if we let him go!"

"You do not know the Stitched Emperor well if you think that is how he operates." Diablo says solemnly. "His talents are unparalleled. He does not fear anything. Death is no obstacle to him. Love has no meaning. Envy, greed, none of these traits describe him well. He only cares about one thing: Obsessing over his experiments. All other matters come second."

"We can't trust him." Yardrat hisses through his teeth.

"We don't need to trust him at all." Diablo counters. "We only need to use his expertise well. That's why I made sure you did not kill him. He alone can ensure my efforts keep the Plague at bay... _permanently._ And once we begin making waves, pushing the Plague back, the other species will not be able to ignore us any longer."

Diablo's spiritual avatar levitates proudly, his inspiring aura causing Yardrat to momentarily feel ashamed at his own fearfulness. Compared to Diablo, he simply doesn't match up, and that brings his Emperor ego down to a more manageable level.

He bows his head and nods.

"Of course, Emperor Diablo. It seems you've planned this all out. Give me the orders then, and I shall fulfill them."

"Gather the others." Diablo commands. "Bring our strongest, smartest, and most influential Emperors along, as well as Bael. After I exchange some words with Glinch, the Stitched Emperor will surely join our effort. I intend to start upending demon society within the next twenty-four hours. Everything must change quickly, before the other species can react."

Yardrat looks at Diablo, his eyes filled with respect. Diablo always seemed a lazy but reliable old fool, yet now, he has assumed the form of an undefeatable bastion of sovereignty, a fortress incapable of being overrun. His power will surely form the bedrock of demon society moving forward.

"As you command, Archdemon." Yardrat says, before levitating backward, turning around, and flying back to the ground.

Diablo remains in place, unmoving, while Yardrat does his bidding.

The Archdemon blinks. He looks out at the horizon and frowns.

"Enjoying the show... _Wordsmith_? Did you think you evaded my senses? You're not as sneaky as you believe. Enjoy the status quo for now. It will not last."

He smirks evilly.

"Heh, heh, heh. Demonkind will soon **dominate** the Milky Way."