Part 142: Release the Dragon!

Solomon's vision freezes as he and I teleport into Lucifer's underground lair. This time, Raphael and Gabriel don't come along for the ride. Ever since my spat with the Archangel of Wisdom, we haven't spoken. Now it seems he's gone into hiding.

I clear my throat. "Hrm. So, are we going to talk about... that?"

Solomon scrunches up his lips. "What is there to say?"

"I don't know. You're the so-called wise man here. What am I supposed to think when the whole point of these visions was a sham?"

"A sham? I don't follow."

"I came here to learn about how evil demons are. Instead, I've ended up watching the birth of a fledgling species as their creators repeatedly tried to murder them all. Now, with Leviathan's revelations, I can only look at the angels as being agents of chaos and destruction. How in the hell am I supposed to empathize with them?"

Solomon pauses a moment before answering.

"Leviathan could have been lying."

"Yeah? Was he?"

Solomon shakes his head. "No."

"Exactly. Where does that leave me? I don't feel sympathetic to Raphael's cause, anymore."

Solomon shrugs. "I can't tell you what to think, Jason. As I said before, the angels caused much misery during their existence. I am not able to view their billions of years of memories in all of their entirety. Even with my mind accelerated by the power of the crown, viewing snapshots in history from Raphael's extended lifespan took centuries, and I barely glimpsed a fraction of his life. Some of the things I saw..."

The ancient King pauses to collect his thoughts.

"All I know is that the angels are long-dead. The demons still rule the universe, and in the end, I believe it is your destiny to eradicate them. They're monsters, and no matter how much of a sob story their origins might be, you mustn't forget the horrific acts they've committed."

"Yeah," I reply, "like eating human flesh and torturing us and a bunch of other barbaric things. Still, demons are intelligent creatures. Samantha and Paimon are proof of that much. If you're telling me to commit genocide just because of the past-"

"The present," Solomon says, correcting me. "Demons still perform atrocities every single day."

I try not to be too miffed at Solomon's interruption. "Right, but even if that's true, there were many barbaric human civilizations too, like the Aztecs. They would routinely butcher humans and-"

Solomon cuts me off again. "The Aztec's barbarism came from the fact that they worshipped and worked with demons."

"Fuck's sake, Solomon. You know what I mean! The point is that there have been evil practices used throughout human history, and thanks to hard work and social revolutions, we were able to stamp out those acts of brutality from our collective consciousness."

Solomon nods. "Yes, but when you understand that the demons influenced humanity toward our worst, and demons have never changed their tune..."

"Semantics!" I yell, trying to suppress my frustration. "Christ, forget it. Talking to you is like talking to a brick wall."

Solomon opens his mouth to reply, but hesitates.

"I... well, I'm sorry I made you feel that way. I'm only trying to help."

"Your idea of help is telling me that I should abandon my core beliefs. I don't kill, period. I have Wordsmithing, and that means I have the power to change the universe. Stooping to violence would only prove that I've learned nothing from the Archangel's failures."

Solomon goes quiet.

"Yes. I suppose so..."

He trails off, and an awkward silence follows.

After a few moments, the ancient King motions with his hands. Time resumes, allowing time to progress. The air frosts over between us, so I look away from him and return my full attention to the next scene.

We appear inside the same underground gambling den from before. It hums with the energy of a few hundred demons throwing Mahja sticks onto tables, laughing and hollering at each other as they gamble for this lot or that one, generally having a good time. The moment the vision begins, a small fistfight breaks out as two pyro-types start slinging fireballs, only for a nearby Baron to reach over and whack them over the heads, stopping the conflict in its tracks.

Bael and Orias watch the spat from a nearby table for a moment. Once satisfied that the fun is over, they return to their game of Sticks and Bones. 

Bael tosses a dozen bones down and smirks as they hit the table with a series of _clinks_. "Heh, lookit that. A Dire Wolf formation."

Orias reaches toward the bones. He extends his hand out, and as his robes pull back, they reveal several gems, large and small, embedded in his arms. "Mmm. It's your win, again."

"Nahhh, come on! Let's make it a best of... eleven? Ten? Where were we again, Murmur?"

Bael flicks his gaze to the left, where a shy demoness dressed in rags wraps her arms around her knees as she sits on a rock. Beside her, another demon sits on the floor, paying more attention to a shiny diamond clutched in his hands than Bael's game.

"Uh, um..." Murmur peeps out from under her hood, exposing her glowing red eyes for only a moment. "I th-think it was... t-ten..."

Bael nods. "I knew it! Bahaha!! Ehehe... So, err... does ten come after eleven, or is it the other way around?"

Orias shakes his head. "It's nine, then ten, then eleven. I don't know if I have another game in me, though. I have the worst luck these days."

Bael crosses his arms. "Psh, stop moping around! It doesn't matter how good your luck is when you're up against me! I've got a hundred rabbit's feet protecting me!"

Orias pokes the bones for a moment before withdrawing his hand back beneath his robes. "Mmm. Somehow I doubt you know how many a hundred is."

"Not a clue, but I know it's more than eleven!"

"Substantially. Anyway, I'm done for today. Davook, you go next."

The grunt at Murmur's feet flicks his eyes up to meet Orias's gaze. His clothes are as raggedy as any of the others nearby, but a certain hardness to his gaze hints that he isn't the dullard most other demons of his rank tend to be.

"Aw, c'mon. I don't want to play those stupid games. Total drag. Waste of time. Not fun at all."

"Don't defy me. Get up here and play for a round or two."

Davook crosses his arms and turns up his nose at Orias. "No! Hmph."

Orias sighs and turns to Bael. "My apprentice can be a little... persnickety. I apologize for his rudeness."

Bael shrugs. "It's fine, it's fine. Davook, why don't you like Sticks and Bones? It's the best game ever!"

"Hardly," Davook replies. He rolls his eyes and groans. "It's all luck-based — no skill involved. I can't think of anything more boring than two people sitting at a table and throwing bones at each other."

Bael points to the diamond in Davook's hand. "Pft. Like you've got anything better to do. Don't you stare at that rock all day anyway?"

"It's a diamond, and it's _pretty_. I like pretty things."

Bael's eyes glaze over. He nods slowly, and drool begins to congeal at his lips.

"Right... pretty... yeah. Alright, well, if you can't hack it, then I guess that's it for my fun and games."

The Duke of Pain sighs. A look of boredom passes over his face as he starts to stand up.

"I... I'll... I'll p-play..."

Murmur shifts slightly and raises her head to look at Bael.

"I've never... played s-sticks and..."

Bael turns to look at her. "Hoho! You wanna have a go at me, eh, Murmur? Hah, I never took you for that type!"

Murmur nods. "I... I like games... they're fun..."

She starts to shift her weight so she can crawl off the rock, but at that moment, Barbatos barges into the room and bellows at the top of his lungs. "Hey, guys! Satan and Belial just came back! You've gotta see this!"

Bael glances at the Lord of Iron. "Huh? What about 'em?"

"Satan's power... it's... it's over the top! I can practically taste his mana!!"

"Disgusting," Orias mutters. "Spare me the details."

Bael grins. "Oooh, now that sounds like fun! I've gotta see for myself."

The Duke of Pain jumps up and starts walking toward the exit. The other demons in the room follow after him, leaving Murmur, Davook, and Orias behind.

Murmur sighs. The child-like demoness lowers her head to sulk. 

"Aw... I wanted to play..."

Orias shakes his head. "I'm sure Bael will have a match with you when he returns. As for me, I'm interested in what's going on, as well. Come now, Davook. Let's see what's happening out there."

Davook rolls his eyes. "Sounds like a pain in the ass."

"Much like you. Stop dawdling."

With a groan, Davook slowly climbs to his feet and shuffles after his master, leaving Murmur behind.

"W-wait for me," Murmur whispers. The little girl hops off her rock and trails after them.

In the darkness of the empty room, a single figure appears, wrapped in robes. His tongue flicks out of his mouth, and he leans heavily on a wooden staff.

"Hmm. Finally, things are growing... _interesting_."

---

**[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_8BwHHEopec)**

Satan inhales the warm air slowly flowing from the deepest parts of Lucifer's Lair as he and Belial march through the entrance hallways. Belial wraps herself around Satan's arm and stares up at him adoringly, while he levitates Nerissa's crystal in front of them.

Belial bats her eyes. "Lover, why didn't you conceal the entrance? The angels will find our hideout if we don't-"

Satan smirks. He interrupts her by pressing a finger to her lips. "The angel's ain't a problem anymore, toots. Don't even worry about 'em."

"I... I suppose not," Belial replies, lowering her gaze.

As Satan and Belial's feet _slap_ against the damp dirt floor, the Devil's grin widens.

"Yeah. We don't need to fret about _anything_ after today."

The two demons continue in silence. Within a minute, they encounter half a dozen imps and grunts, all of whom turn to look at them as they appear — the grunt nearest to the entrance waves at Satan.

"Gehehe! Look who's here! It's Emperor Satan and-"

The grunt pauses. His eyes widen in alarm.

"W-what the... Satan's... m-mana..."

The grunt stutters and stammers as smoky black mana emanates from Satan's body, rolls across the ground, and brushes against his feet.

"I'm back," Satan says, his voice rough and dry. "Where are Lucifer and Diablo? Bael too, if you happen to know."

The grunts nod dumbly. "They... they're in... the... w-we'll go get 'em..."

All of the grunts bolt away as fast as they can, eager to flee from Satan's presence. The imps stay behind, dumbstruck by Satan's power.

Satan ignores his weak, pathetic admirers. He continues walking forward with Belial at his side, leaving the imps to stare at their backs as they continue toward Lucifer's throne room.

One imp swallows audibly. "D-did ya see...?"

His friend nods. "Yeah, I saw. I done _felt_ it, too."

...

As Satan continues deeper into the underground catacombs, imps, grunts, and Lords all fall by the wayside, careful to get out of his way. Few speak any words, instead opting to stare at him in awe.

"He's... like a totally different demon..."

"What _happened_ to 'im?"

"Shh, quiet. He'll hear us..."

Satan's smile widens. He pretends not to notice the looks of awe on the faces of nearby demons as they duck into hallways and adjacent rooms.

_They can't help but notice,_ he thinks to himself. _Leviathan's boost was only the tip of an iceberg, since Samael's cooperation improved my power the most. With the Archangel no longer fighting my every action, the two of us can finally work together._

It doesn't take long for Satan to arrive at Lucifer's throne room. True to its name, the room possesses a drab-looking chair carved out of dirt, with dead grass and animal skins placed over its seat and arms to make it slightly more comfortable than a rock. Dozens of demons, having already heard about Satan's arrival, skitter inside and wait at the edges expectantly, hoping for a big speech.

Satan walks over to the throne. His eyes flick toward three Hellhounds lazing about the base. The fifty-eyed animals raise their heads to look at him, and despite their terrifying appearance, they whimper and whine as he draws closer. One of them tenses its muscles, then bolts to one of the side exits, fleeing as quickly as it can. It slams into two grunts as it rushes out, flinging them to the sides as it tears ass away from Satan's line of sight.

The other Hellhounds follow their brother a moment later; their spirits shattered.

Satan rolls his eyes. "Dumb mutts."

The Devil places Nerissa's crystal to the right of the throne, turns around, and eases himself onto the seat. Belial slides onto his lap with a giggle, almost as if she were swiping candy from a grocery store. Her expression says it all. _This feels mischievous!_

Satan wraps one arm around his girl's waist to pull her closer, then leans his left arm on the throne's armrest. He sighs and plunks his chin against his fist. 

"Where is Lucifer? I hate waiting."

Artorias, positioned at one of the exits, raises his head. He stands taller than the other imps, grunts, and Lords, making him stand out in the crowd. "They're coming. I sent Barbatos to fetch Bael. As for Lucifer-"

"I'm already here," Lucifer hisses. She enters the room with Diablo in tow and shoves the Baron of Earthquakes out of her way. Despite Artorias's look of annoyance, Lucifer ignores him. "What is the meaning of _this_?!" She gestures toward Satan, seated in her throne.

"Hey, Lucy. Deebs. Nice to see you guys."

"Don't play coy with me, Satan!" Lucifer screeches. "Where have you been? You left in the dead of night and came back three times stronger! Such a power increase is unheard of!"

Satan winks at Lucifer. "Heh. Are you sure about that? I know at least _one_ way to increase a demon's power."

Lucifer's jaw slackens. She shoots a glance at Diablo, then returns her gaze to Satan. "You _didn't._"

"I did," Satan replies with a nod. "And now that you understand, let's discuss the future of demonkind — specifically, how I'm going to run everything from now on. I have some changes in mind, and I'll be counting on you to help me enforce them."

Diablo quickly reaches out and rests his hand on Lucifer's shoulder to calm her down. The look on her face could curdle milk. "Satan, hold on. Aren't you acting a little out of hand? Bael hasn't yet decided who will be the leader of demonkind."

Satan waves Diablo's concerns away. "Bael is a Duke. I'm the First Emperor. I decide who leads and who follows. If he has a problem, I'll simply show him that big muscles ain't the only way to win a fight."

Lucifer reaches her boiling point. "You little- that's it! I've heard enough out of you! You're not the First Emperor, no matter how much power you _think_ you have! I've been aching to beat your ass for a while, now!"

Lucifer's forehead eye starts to glow red. Bloody veins appear, and her head trembles as she takes a step toward Satan.

Satan blinks slowly, deliberately. "I wouldn't do that if I were you."

He doesn't move an inch.

Lucifer grins like a madwoman. "I may not be able to kill you, but I can teach you the meaning of PAIN!"

All the oxygen in the room vanishes. An instant later, a concentrated burst of superheated air fires from her eye. It smashes into Satan and Belial with the force of an oil tanker, obliterating them and sending dirt and dust flying. Several grunts and Lords scream in terror as the shockwave smashes all of them against the walls. Smoke and dust erupt in every direction, shrouding the room in a dense cloud that nobody's vision can penetrate.

Diablo and Artorias manage to shield themselves from the worst of Lucifer's instant-kill attack. Diablo gasps in horror. "Lucy! What are you thinking?! You'll bring the roof down on us!!"

Artorias pounds his foot against the ground. Immediately, several pillars erupt upward and smash against the ceiling, reinforcing it to prevent a total collapse.

"We're fine," Artorias says. "As for Satan..."

Lucifer scowls. Her third eye pierces the dust cloud, allowing her to see Satan still sitting on his throne, unharmed.

"That smug... bastard..."

Satan smirks. Despite the walls and floor nearest him torn to pieces, he sits in a bubble of perfection, surrounded by chaos. Even Nerissa's hardened crystal appears unharmed.

"Do you feel better now?" Satan asks from within the smoke. "If you're done throwing a tantrum..."

Satan loosens his grip on Belial's waist. While still resting on his fist, he uses his free hand to snap his fingers. Air rushes from his body, and the power of wind magic clears the smoke from the room instantly.

"You bore me," Satan says. "Do you want to see more, or will you acknowledge me as your superior?"

Lucifer gnashes her teeth together. Blood-red miasma trickles from her forehead as she balls her hands into fists. "Worthless... trash... how dare you insult me!!"

Her eye glows red again. A laser shoots from her forehead, far smaller than the first attack, but also ten times more concentrated. The light of the sun ignites in the lantern-lit room, blinding everyone present. Her attack clears the gap nearly instantly, penetrates Satan's defenses, and narrowly misses Belial. The laser obliterates Satan's heart and rushes through the throne and the wall behind him, leaving him-

"Kuh," Satan grunts. 

The Devil doesn't shift position on the throne, but using his free hand, he immediately summons water and splashes it onto his chest. After a moment, I realize Lucifer missed his heart. She shredded his chest, but didn't instantly kill him, allowing him to heal himself.

Satan winces. "Cripes... _that_ hurt. A little. Got anything else?"

"More than you can imagine," Lucifer mutters under her breath.

From the side entrance on the left, Barbatos, Davook, Murmur, and the rest of the demons appear to watch the battle between the Emperors unfold. I glance at them for a moment and frown as I realize Bael isn't among them. 

He was leading the pack originally... so where did he go?

I don't receive an answer to my question. Instead, Lucifer turns to look at Diablo. "Alright, you. It's time to help. I can't defeat Satan on my own. Are you ready?"

Diablo blinks. "Huh? Ready for what?"

Lucifer shakes her fist at Diablo. "Ready to help me crush Satan, of course! Why do you hesitate? With your power, I can stop him right here and right now!"

Diablo nods slowly. "Oh. Uhh, right. I mean... must I? I don't have much reason to fight Satan..."

Lucifer balks. "Of course you do! He's the enemy of demonkind! Because of him, we nearly went extinct twice!"

"Yes, but he saved my life. He saved Bael's too."

"No, _I_ did," Lucifer replies. She narrows her eyes. "Satan backstabbed the Archangels. Because of him, we lost our chance of signing a peace treaty, and thousands of friends during the ensuing battle. Stop living two thousand years in the past, Diablo."

Diablo grits his teeth. "Baby, c'mon! Why would you want to sign a peace treaty with the angels after what they did to the precursor imps?! They murdered us en-masse! Satan had the right idea by double-crossing Raphael, and you know it."

"The imps died _because_ of Satan!" Lucifer hisses. "Don't argue with me on this. Not now, of all times!"

"I'm not arguing!" Diablo practically screams. "I'm only moderately disagreeing!!"

The two Emperors lean toward each other and glower for several seconds. Diablo appears completely torn about quarreling with his woman, but I have to admire him standing up for his principles.

"Gah!" Lucifer snarls. "You always go along with what I say! Why are you defending Satan now?! You know he's my worst enemy!"

Diablo's expression softens. He pulls back, straightens his posture, and crosses his arms. "Unlike you, I don't dislike Satan. Besides, even if he only initiated my rescue, Belial was right there beside you when Michael attacked us. I can't attack him without involving her."

"Belial chose her side," Lucifer says, her voice cold as ice. "Now, you choose yours."

Diablo's expression appears neutral. He tries to hide his emotions, but as he flicks his eyes from Satan to Lucifer, he begins to bite his lip apprehensively.

_Damn. I don't want to start anything with Satan,_ Diablo's expression seems to say, _but if I don't take my girl's side, what kind of man am I? She's always been there for me. Isn't the answer obvious?_

Before Diablo can come up with an answer, Satan sighs.

"Yo, Deebs. You always overthink things. You spend too much time in your head, chum. Stick by your woman. That's what I would do if I were you. No hard feelings. Besides, it wouldn't be fair if Lucifer had to fight all by herself."

Satan's smirk deepens. His gaze rests on Lucifer as he talks, and a smug air of superiority seems to emanate from his eyes.

"Poor little Lucy can't win if she fights alone. She hasn't got the _stamina._"

Lucifer's jaw drops. "O-of course I don't! You're only as strong as you are now because you cheated! Worthless bastard! Don't you dare look down on me, when I never once returned to that forbidden well of power! I can only wonder what you had to give up to obtain such a tremendous boost."

Satan shakes his head. "You've got it all wrong, Lucy. We've all sold our souls at some point, including you. The difference comes from what we obtained in return. You've allowed our people to survive, and for that, I thank you. However, my goal is to _thrive_. I don't care what you think of me, so long as you bend the knee. If I have to beat some submissiveness into you..."

Satan pauses for a moment.

"...well, I guess that can't be helped. Sometimes, a mouthy broad's gotta be put in her place."

...

After Satan concludes his speech, Diablo's eyes harden.

"Have it your way, _boss_. Nobody talks to Lucy like that, not while I'm at her side."

Diablo takes a few steps to his left and stands beside Lucifer.

"No hard feelings, Satan, but you've forced my hand."

Satan smiles.

"No hard feelings, Deebs."

The Emperor of Annihilation tenses up his muscles as he readies himself to obliterate Satan. Lucifer smiles. Her forehead's eye also prepares to unleash Hell upon Satan and Belial.

"Thank you, Diablo. I knew you'd come to your senses."

Diablo nods. "Anything for you, buttercup."

Before the two of them can begin their barrage, a shadowy figure materializes behind one of Artorias's stone pillars and transforms from a smoky black apparition into her demonic form.

She strides forward and turns to face Satan. "I'm surprised. After our discussion last night, I hoped you'd come around to my side of things. Instead, you left and came back intent on defying me. You'll regret that decision."

"Berith?" Lucifer says, a hint of surprise in her voice. "I don't need your help. Satan is mine!"

"Now is no time for arrogance," Berith whispers. She doesn't turn to face Lucifer. "The last time you fought Satan, you lost. That was before he tripled his power. It will take all of our combined strength to defeat him this time. I hate the idea of allying with you... but I hate losing _even more_."

Satan chuckles. "Three against one? Phew, might break a sweat over here. Anyone else care to join? Let's make this a party."

Lucifer's rage builds further. "Smug bastard! You'll regret-"

"Quiet," Berith says, rolling her eyes. "Don't fall for Satan's tricks. He's goading you."

Immediately, Lucifer forces herself to calm down. "Kss... right. Apologies. My emotions got the better of me for a moment."

Satan uncoils his arm from Belial's waist as the other three Emperors fan out to surround him.

The Devil lifts his head off his fist and begins to clap his hands slowly. "Oh, damn. Are you guys finally warmed up? Ready to start?"

"Keep up the tough talk," Berith hisses. "I can't wait to shut you up permanently."

"Same," Lucifer says with a smile. "At least we have _that much_ in common."

Satan slowly stops clapping. As his palms come together for the last time, he stretches in his chair. 

"Nnng, damn. Alright. Well, time to get serious. Go on, sweetie. Teach 'em a lesson."

Satan smacks Belial's butt and winks at her.

"Make me proud."

Belial bats her eyes. "I'll win for you, lover!"

She hops off his lap and smiles at the other three Emperors. They take a step back in confusion as, with a motion of her hands, Belial's horns expand from the one-inch bumps of a Baron to the several-inch length of an Emperor. Her height increases by half a foot, and she takes a deep bow.

"Okay, everyone! I'll be your opponent, now! Don't worry, for I'll be sure to heal you after I finish!"

Lucifer's jaw drops. "What?! Belial is... she's an Emperor? Since when?!"

Satan smirks. "What, afraid you can't beat her?"

"Of course, we're not afraid!" Diablo yells, butting into the conversation. "But I thought we were going to fight you, not your mate! What kind of coward sends out his missus to do his dirty work?"

Satan laughs into his fist. "Ahaha, oops, it must have slipped my mind. You see, I'm making Belial my Second Emperor. Whichever of you comes out on top will be my third, fourth, and so on. This fight will be to determine the official rankings."

Berith's calm demeanor shatters in an instant. "Satan! How... how dare you mock me! I came to crush you, not to fight your pathetic succubus _whore_!"

Satan's smile vanishes.

"Do _not_ insult my girl."

Berith ignores him. "If you think you can snub me, you're wrong! Eat shit and DIE!!"

With a motion of her hands, the Emperor of Backstabbing summons forth a hundred shadow-lances, similar to the ones Amelia used against me when we engaged in our final battle. Each one, sharp enough to pierce steel, stabs out of the ceiling, walls, and floor like deadly charcoal stalactites. They rush toward Satan from every conceivable direction with deadly intent, fixated on ending his life.

Satan doesn't flinch. The instant before any of the shadow-lances impale him, a blur of movement spins around his body like a tornado. Berith's blackened spears explode into ash. Their dust scatters around the room in every direction.

Everything happens in a matter of seconds. The imps and grunts stare in awe as they try to comprehend the lightning-fast battle they just witnessed.

Berith doesn't let up. She summons another veritable army of shadow-lances. They fly at Satan, and he shatters them before they come close to grazing his body. The instant one explodes into dust; another follows a split-second later.

Satan's expression darkens as the Emperor of Backstabbing continues her onslaught. Again and again, she summons dozens of shadow lances, each one seemingly rushing toward Satan with a mind of its own, but the Devil deflects all of them without saying a word.

"Chrr!" Berith growls. "What black magic protects you? Why can't I land a single hit? You should have perished already! Lucifer, don't just stand there! Use-"

Before Berith can finish her sentence, a blur of motion rushes toward her. The Emperor of Backstabbing jerks back in surprise, but she doesn't move fast enough to dodge Belial's fist.

_Wham!_

Belial punches Berith so hard I don't even see her body fly backward. The shadow-walking Emperor pounds against the wall behind Diablo and Lucifer hard enough to rattle my teeth. She nearly takes out three grunts in the way and sends a shockwave throughout the entirety of the demon's underground lair.

As Berith gasps for breath and slumps to the ground, Belial straightens up and claps her hands together. 

"I'm your opponent. Not Satan. The next person to attack my sweetie gets punched ten times harder than that. Are we clear?"

Diablo gulps nervously. "H-hey... I didn't sign up to... to hit a woman..."

Belial bats her eyes. "Well, I'd hate to make you uncomfortable."

With a flourish of her hands, Belial transforms her appearance from her busty, red-skinned self, into an exact copy of Satan. She flexes her muscles a little and rubs her pot-belly.

"See? Now you can fight Satan without feeling guilty because I look just like him!"

Satan frowns. "I... didn't expect that. Kinda creepy if you ask me."

Belial turns and smiles at him, an expression far sweeter than anything I've ever imagined seeing on Satan's face. In a voice identical to Satan's, she says, "Don't worry, love! I'll win for you!"

Satan nods slowly.

"Uhh... right. Go... get 'em... tiger?"

Belial nods eagerly. She spins to face the other two Emperors, motions with her hands, and unleashes a river of mana from her body comparable to Satan's.

As her blackened energy sweeps across the room, Diablo begins to sweat.

"Lucy... I... I think we fucked up."