Part 490: Warframes

_Eleven days after the destruction of Serris._

In the Milky Way, a series of incredible events begin to unfold in unison, though none of the participants intended for such to happen.

Jason, humanity's First Wordsmith, enters a time-accelerated space with the intention of bettering himself and his abilities. For how long he will remain inside, none can say. Perhaps not even the man himself.

Hope Hiro, humanity's Second Wordsmith, concludes the first major leg of his training by meeting all of the thousand Heroes he took from the Volgrim's secret base on Serris. But he has plans of his own now...

Phoebe Hiro and Neil Adams ready themselves for a major debate in just a few days, one which will shape the course of humanity's future as they both seek to convince their fellow humans to join their side. For Phoebe's part, she wishes to unify humanity, the monsters, and the demons into a single cohesive faction as per her husband's wishes. As for Neil, he wishes to do exactly the opposite, casting the demons as irredeemable villains who must fall in the Creator's name.

Meanwhile, the reigning Demon Emperors discover that Mephisto has not died. He has begun the process of not only reviving himself, but attempting an ascension never before seen in demon history. His goal is to achieve the rank of Demon Deity, a feat only previously accomplished by Wolfram before his body immolated. They march on his location, nestled in the forests of Numaria, where Emperor Glinch's domain stands proud and previously unassailable.

...

On the world of Volgarius, the crown jewel of the Volgrim Empire, a planet filled with tens of trillions of inhabitants, all is not well.

Many secret orders pass hands. Technopaths silently transmit commands from above to their subordinates, often obfuscating the exact reasons for why they must move to follow sometimes bizarre objectives. Psions quietly communicate through a central psionic network, disseminating orders just as odd as the ones the lower Technopaths have received. Even the Changelings follow these commands.

A 5th-Level Psion frowns deeply as she obtains new directives from her superior. [I do not comprehend. These materials are on the most secure planet in the Milky Way. Why should we transfer them to a less secure facility?]

[Do as you're told.] Her 6th-Level Psion commander says gruffly. [These crystals are somewhat precious. We must preserve them. And take care to move any incidental storages of Trifrancium and Dilithium, as well.]

The subordinate's face shifts to visible alarm. She leans toward her superior. [Is... is Volgarius in danger? Is the Plague...?]

[No questions.] The male Volgrim says, turning and flying away.

Across Volgarius, a quiet evacuation calmly takes place. Many elite Volgrim board ships, confused as to the hush-hush nature of the commands being passed down to them. They spread out, moving to sub-capital planets outside the Volgarius system, sometimes tens of lightyears away.

Inside the Founder's Hand, Commander Randis, Unarin's brother, the Fist of Volgarius, manipulates a large projector with images of thousands of Volgrim-controlled worlds inside a virtual Milky Way hologram. Every second, multiple notifications pop up, alerting him to one happening or another, some ranked as Green Level, some as Yellow Level, and some as Red Level.

With more than two million orbital cycles of practice, Randis calmly tends to every alert with practiced confidence.

An explosion at an exosteel factory. Yellow Level.

A missing shipping container filled with exotic materials. Green Level.

A conflict of orders between two opposing Psion factions. Yellow Level.

A Plague incursion at yet another Volgrim-controlled world. Red Level.

No matter what appears before him, Randis's hands and brain keep up with the unending torrent of information. While only a few Ascended actively work inside the Founder's Thumb, including Randis, Muuxunuu, and Unarin himself, they are all elites capable of thinking and acting at speeds no human could comprehend. Even without the cranial augments possessed by elite Technopaths, their intelligence and wisdom are incomparable to that of even the mightiest human.

Randis performs his duties with a completely neutral expression, as if the impending catastrophe has not even reached his ears. So assured is he that he inspires an aura of calmness among the more well-informed elites inside the Founder's Thumb. While they might ordinarily feel jumpy due to the terrible rumors swirling around, the mere fact that Randis displays no fear makes them not want to worry unnecessarily.

_Unarin will guide us. Unarin will protect us from the Calamity,_ they think.

Ever since his ascension to the top position of Volgrim society, their most lauded leader has never faltered.

Whether during the Great Wars, the genocide of ninety-five percent of the Volgrim population at the steel claws of the Sentinels, or the rise of the Plague, Unarin has always reigned supreme.

He has become a God in his people's eyes.

Likewise, his brother Randis is just as great a hero to the Volgrim, though one many often overlook.

It was Randis who personally led a dozen assaults on the Sentinels, risking his life to ensure those wretched machines would fall.

It was Randis who stood up to the Volgrim elites when they imprisoned his brother, winning a ten-cycle battle of attrition as he personally smote dead a hundred mighty opponents in the ancient Colosseums of Venar III.

And now, it is Randis who guides the Volgrim through the impending crisis, as steady as a mountain before a tsunami.

"Randis." A male voice says from behind the obsidian-skinned Ascended.

"Unarin." Randis says, never taking his eyes off the projections before himself. "No energy signature detected as of yet."

Unarin walks up beside his brother, his ruby-skinned body striking an excellent contrast with Randis's black skin.

The First Founder glances at the galaxy map. Then he looks at a local map for Volgarius, one which shows 6 major regions of the planet at once.

"Eleven cycles." Unarin murmurs thoughtfully. "He's certainly taking his time."

"You think he will come." Randis states. "So he will."

"The Second Wordsmith is quite the enigma." Unarin says. "Resourceful. Greedy. Precise."

"Comparatively, the First Wordsmith is.. lacking." Randis follows-up.

Unarin nods. "Perhaps."

The two brothers remain quiet for a moment.

"Are you afraid?" Randis asks.

"No." Unarin says.

And he means it.

Randis sends a rescue team to a yellow-level alert, where a mine has collapsed on some Technopath workers.

Unarin nods. "You have many things that require your attention. I'll check again in three standard time units."

"You may visit whenever you need to talk." Randis says, never once looking at his brother. Always, he is busy tending to the Empire's needs.

Unarin departs.

He walks to a large open window, one which allows him to peer at the lush green gardens surrounding the Founder's Thumb.

On many occasions, he comes and stands here, thinking while admiring the view.

These gardens are the only major source of greenery on all of Volgarius. While they are not especially vast, they are visible from space, due to the way their color pops out of the steel and glass world of stratoscrapers overwhelming Volgarius's surface area.

After standing and staring for ten long seconds, Unarin frowns.

"Hmm... the feeling is intensifying. Shouldn't be much longer now."

The Second Founder, Dosena, materializes beside him. Her arrival is completely silent. Even when she tears the Void to travel across space, none can hear her approach.

[I can kill him.] Dosena says. [It would be easy.]

"But it would not be correct." Unarin says. "The universe is a vast place. I know this. You know this. Making peace with the Wordsmiths is of paramount importance."

[You refer to the great Game.] Dosena says. [The Milky Way lacks a Ruler. We are not players in the Game.]

"That may change if you reach the 10th Level." Unarin says. "No matter what happens, do not move unless I order you to do so. I will control my own destiny."

[I would not dream of doing so.] Dosena replies, seemingly offended Unarin would imply otherwise. [But that is not why I came to see you.]

Unarin blinks. He turns his head to look at the High Psion standing on his right.

"Is something the matter?"

Dosena frowns. [Do you recall that Cosmic Energy signature I told you about? I can sense it is growing stronger. Someone is definitely trying to Ascend.]

Unarin pauses. He looks back out the window, gently rubbing his chin.

"One of the Wordsmiths?"

[I do not believe so.] Dosena says. [I have detected a hint of evil in the ascension process. It is not the same feeling I obtained when I examined the Wordsmiths.]

Unarin doesn't say anything for a while.

He thinks back to the events of the past several orbital cycles.

Ever since the appearance of the Wordsmith, things have changed quickly and dramatically.

The galaxy is no longer stable. Now, it has begun to devolve into bursts of Chaos.

He recalls a conversation he had with the Wordsmith.

"...Dragon?" Unarin says absentmindedly.

[I am not certain. It might be.] Dosena replies.

"Keep your senses peeled, then." Unarin says. "Tell me if you detect anything more concrete."

Unaware of Mephisto's plans, the Volgrim have unknowingly been caught unawares. They have no way of knowing that as they speak, a dreadful power is amassing in a quadrant of the galaxy some ten thousand lightyears away.

But they are not afraid.

If any Cosmic entity should enter the Milky Way's Akashic Barrier, its inhabitants will not be defenseless.

The Volgrim have an ultimate weapon.

Her name is _Dosena_.

---

_Tarus II._

Neil Adams sits inside a stealth-cloaked transport shuttle, along with ten of his honor guards, powerful soldiers decked out in armor comparable to Lieutenant Samuel's Rhino Exosuit. These specialized T-REX's were not made by Phoebe, but by humanity's other foremost inventor, Hans Wagner.

While Hans might not get the public's limelight in the same way their golden girl Phoebe does, his inventions are just as crucial as hers.

It was his nanite bombs that disintegrated many Grez when the demons first initiated battle with the Labyrinth Core during Stormbringer. He also developed alternate versions of the T-REX, including the Clinician, which saved countless wounded soldiers from certain death.

And on this day, Neil Adams just so happens to be heading to a remote factory built a hundred miles away from the Fortress of Retribution's city limits. This factory, of course, is run by none other than Hans Wagner.

And its identity is very special indeed.

Humanity just so happens to possess an incomprehensible, reality-defying technology that not even the Volgrim can easily copy.

Replicators.

And not just Replicators, but Fusion Power Plants, ones which have a magic and technology hybrid power system that grants humanity the equivalent of a sun's power.

These two things put together are absolutely incredible feats of engineering only made possible due to the Wordsmiths and their intervention.

While Phoebe Hiro may have factories of her own, she has not exploited the abundance of power to the maximum extent.

This remote factory is different.

Neil Adams licks his lips in anticipation. His shuttle arrives above a forest, where it passes through a cloaking field, revealing a large open clearing hidden underneath. A single square panel on the ground indicates an entry point into the facility, though there are other ways to access its interior through the usage of fairy temporal magic elsewhere on the planet.

But those ways don't suit Neil's purpose. While he might be trying to keep the factory a secret, it's not that he fears its discovery, but that any leg up on the demons could give him a huge boost in military supremacy in the future, even if only temporary.

Neil's shuttle lands underneath some trees, carefully positioned to minimize its visibility from orbit. While the Volgrim _probably_ can't pierce the stealth field covering Tarus II with their spy technology, and _probably_ can't see underground, it's still better to be cautious than not.

He exits the shuttle, and his guards follow him. They meet with a soldier stationed inside the facility who comes out to greet them. Then, she guides humanity's military commander down into the planet's depths.

As they walk, the soldier hands Neil a datapad. "Mister Wagner told me to give this to you, Commander."

Neil smiles faintly and accepts the datapad. He raises his eyebrows while he walks, gazing at its contents.

"Six new models? So fast?"

"After seeing Miss Hiro's performance during Stormbringer, Mister Wagner determined it would be best if our armed forces shifted direction, sir." The woman says respectfully. "He's devoted eighty percent of our energy allotment solely to mechanized war units."

Neil nods. "The performance parameters seem exceptional, at least to my layman eyes."

"Mister Wagner will explain the finer details." The woman says, flushing in embarrassment. "I'm not technically inclined, so I won't be of much use."

"That's fine." Neil says, as he lowers the datapad to his side. "I'm sure he won't go off on a terrible rambling diatribe, extolling the technical parameters of this new death machine. He definitely won't turn my excitement to tears of boredom."

The woman snickers, then quickly schools her expression to one of professionalism and discipline. Sometimes, even Neil can surprise people with a joke.

They walk down a long hall where they arrive before an assortment of elevators. A couple of them open within moments as engineers and soldiers step out, notice Neil, and quickly salute.

"Sir!"

"At ease." Neil says.

He and his guards step in the elevator, though due to weight and size limitations, they split into three groups to go down in different elevators.

A long three-minute descent follows.

Neil travels more than a thousand meters underground before the doors open. He steps into a massive factory, where the glint of welding torches, the hammering of machinery, and the chugging of mechanized labor rings through the facility.

Huge mechs hang from the ceiling, suspended by thick metal cables. Much like the Arachnid-Class Phoebe employed during Stormbringer, and the Planet-Walkers, these robotic constructs are larger than tanks, but now they come in a variety of basic configurations. At a glance, Neil notes a thirty-foot tall slender model, a fifty-foot tall heavily armored model, one that rolls around on treads, and even an odd gyroscope-based mech that rolls on a single magnetic ball.

While only half a dozen prototypes hang on the ceiling, Neil quickly understands that these are the building blocks to humanity's next major wartime upgrade. In addition to the enhancements of their human bodies through Jason's Body Boosters, his soldiers will soon sport lethal new weaponry, as well as machines capable of flattening cities and razing demonic empires to ash.

"Ah! Neil! So good to see you!"

Hans' voice slightly startles Neil, but he doesn't let the interruption of his thoughts show on his face.

Neil turns to look at the tall, wiry German scientist. "Hans. These new prototypes are looking impressive."

"You like zem, yes? Zey are quite beautiful, I must admit!" Hans chirps, his eyes curving into crescents. He adjusts his glasses as he walks over to Neil's side. "I am particularly proud of zee third one from zee left."

Hans points to one of the six mechs hanging from the ceiling. Its size is not the largest, but it does sport a sleek silver paint coating.

"The Ironclad." Neil says, recalling the name of that model from the datapad he was given. "I didn't have time to do much more than skim the data. What does it do?"

Hans leads Neil up a flight of stairs to an overhead observation deck, where they can better look at the giant warframes. Here, they can see every individual engineer welding and working on the different prototypes, some of them levitating through the use of flight-capable Hummer exosuits.

"It is a simple machine on zee surface, but its interior contains a wealth of secrets!" Hans explains. "Zee machine is equipped with a transforming two-type weapon called a Batterer. It can switch between a melee-hammer mode for close combat, and a shotgun-mode for mid-ranged combat."

Hans points at the Ironclad's back. "See zat green glowing nacelle? Zat is a shield generator. It ignores weaponry striking at melee range and deflects only bullets, lasers, and other long-ranged ordinances."

"A solid mid and close-range warframe." Neil says to himself.

"Aye." Hans acknowledges. "But zee enemies we will soon face are demons, so zis machine is not ideal for dealing with zem. Instead, look to zee second from zee end."

Neil follows Hans' finger. He gazes at a pitch-black machine with glowing red wings made of magical energy sticking out of its back. A single longsword rests in its hands.

"Zee Reaper." Hans says, visibly pleased with his work. "A very special machine. I could not make it alone. I had to enlist zee assistance of a fairy. It has a unique property you won't believe..."

"Go on." Neil says.

Hans glances at Neil's right hand. "You still wear zat glove I made for you. Good. You know how it is especially effective against enemies with abundant reserves of mana? So too is zee Reaper. It is armored, yet flexible. It drains zee mana from whoever it strikes, empowering itself. Zee mightier zee enemy zee Reaper faces, zee better it can perform."

He pauses.

"Within reason, of course."

Neil's eyes light up. "A warframe designed to kill Emperors. You've outdone yourself, making something this useful so soon."

Hans' excitement dims. "It is only a prototype. I have not been able to test its effectiveness against a Demon Emperor hellbent on destroying it. I worry it may not be durable enough to protect its pilot..."

"I have nothing if not abundant faith in your abilities." Neil says with a smile. "Do not sell yourself short, old friend. Jason may have Phoebe, but I have you, and in my eyes, you are her equal."

Hans scoffs. "You flatter me, but we both know zat is not zee truth."

"Mmm."

Neil doesn't belabor the point.

"I've heard rumors some of the Emperors have abruptly gone missing." Neil says. "When Hope returns, I'll have him try to find them. In the meantime, keep working on these machines. We might need them soon."

"Once zee prototypes are ready, we will scan zeir data into zee systems." Hans says. "Zen we will be ready to mass produce zem."

"I look forward to seeing them in action." Neil replies.

Hans shows off the other four models, each one making Neil's smile grow wider and wider. He offers some minor suggestions to spice up the lineup, and eventually takes his leave.

As Neil exits the underground base, he looks up at the sunny sky.

"First, the demons. Then, the galaxy."