Part 585: Battlefield Star

The battle intensifies on Maiura's surface. As minutes pass, more and more Kolvaxians continue to appear, but what worries humanity's military the most is an unnerving discovery they make early on; a discovery that goes beyond their calculations.

"What do you mean 'it just appeared'?" Neil asks, bewildered. "It teleported in front of you?"

"Yes." Hope answers quickly, his voice transmitting over the communication channel while he battles yet another one of the monsters. "The Kolvaxian simply appeared out of thin air. That must mean they have a way to teleport onto Maiura without conquering the planet's core. The rate of teleportation is much slower, but they can materialize anywhere, and each individual Kolvaxian is worth a thousand of the ones before they evolved!"

Neil's expression turns ugly. "At least you found out early on. This is important information. I'll adjust our strategies to compensate."

Hope cuts off the communication channel, and Neil turns to his wife. "That explains how they're appearing so fast. They aren't just infecting our people, they're bringing fresh bodies here."

"But how?" Linda asks. "I know Kolvaxians have historically made landfall on worlds by teleporting one of their kind onto a planet's surface, but the records implied they only did this once, perhaps because it was difficult to pull off. If they can do it repeatedly, then why didn't they do it sooner?"

"It might be... a new ability." Neil says, closing his eyes. "These creatures have already adapted by devouring Artoria's power. Perhaps they've assimilated another ability now. Either way, it's bad news for us. We have to assume a rogue Kolvaxian could appear inside the fortress at any moment! I want all our people on the lookout, ready to sound the alarm in an instant. Damn, and we still have a hundred thousand civilians inside the walls... we can't possibly keep an eye on all of them."

"You worry about the military." Linda says. "Leave evacuating the civilians to me."

---

On the northern side of Mount Adams, Hope Hiro battles Kolvaxians alone. A handful of Legionnaires also fight in the area to offer support if he needs it.

On the southern side, Henry and Ashley work together with two hundred Legionnaires, working to systematically take down one Kolvaxian after another.

On the western side, Hope's children, Levi and Mandy, fight alongside their monster and human comrades to inflict as much damage as possible on the monsters.

But on the eastern side, humanity lacks a champion capable of killing the monsters one-by-one with ease. Here, the soldiers fight for their lives, utilizing teamwork to slow the creatures down, cut them apart, and burn their bodies to ash, all while lacking the punching power of Excalibur or Artoria to even the odds.

Two of the higher-ranking Legionnaires join the eastern humans in an effort to help shore up their fighting capabilities. Lieutenants Lauren Mallard and Diego Rivers have achieved resonance ratings worth eighty percent of Jepthath's power when he once roamed the earth. Even both of them combined aren't a match for Henry, but they are still leagues stronger than any ordinary human troopers.

The two Legion Lieutenants each command a small platoon of about 100 soldiers each, some of whom are Legionnaires, but others of whom are ordinary men, women, and monsters empowered through the Body Boosters and their T-REX suits.

Soldiers wearing Spectre Suits raise themselves up into the air via their spinal tendrils. Each of these troopers, once intended to be used in stealth warfare, has taken on a pseudo-aerial support role instead. They stand roughly thirty feet above their comrades, each one holding a newly designed weapon made by Hans; the XM-250 Titan.

These guns are truly massive. Weighing in at 600 pounds (272 kilos), the only way even the enhanced soldiers can properly bear the weight is by constructing the guns to attach directly to their Spectre suits, wrapping around the troopers for stability and accuracy.

Each XM-250 Titan takes advantage of recent advancements made by Hope's daughter, Mandy. In this way, they are able to store fifty kilos of ammunition inside a pocket dimension, reducing the weight each trooper has to bear.

Each Titan's micro-fusion reactor allows it to utilize not only mundane bullets, but empowered elemental rounds and even switch to an energy-firing mode, albeit one that is not nearly as capable at injuring such resilient foes as the Kolvaxians.

With thirty Spectre troopers supporting from the backlines, the human resistance unloads a hailstorm of heavy gunfire down, the bullets pounding more than two dozen Kolvaxians as they stomp forward, making their way toward the juicy human targets enveloped in armor.

"First bogey approaching the 100-yard danger zone!" Lieutenant Lauren calls out. "Grenade!"

At her command, one of the ordinary soldiers near the front reaches into his bag, pulls out a glassy orb with spiraling streams of energy inside, and he lobs it with all his strength at the closest Kolvaxian.

The orb travels with unerring accuracy. It strikes the ground at the Kolvaxian's feet and explodes, causing a two-meter bubble to burst into existence, enveloping the creature in a dimension of ultra-slow spacetime, freezing it on the spot!

Now moving two hundred times slower than in reality, for every 200 seconds that passes in realspace, just one passes inside the Kolvaxian's bubble. It essentially freezes in place, allowing the troopers to redirect their fire at the creature's allies instead.

Unfortunately, even with the mighty firepower of the XM-250 Titan hammering into the flesh of the Kolvaxians, the humans aren't able to inflict meaningful permanent damage. Lauren grimaces, gritting her teeth as the creatures continue to stop forward, pushed back and slowed down by the unending waterfall of bullets striking their bodies, but not actually stopped or prevented from continuing.

Suddenly, a scream goes up in the middle of her soldiers. Lauren's heart skips a beat as she swivels her head to see a Kolvaxian bursting out from underground and plunging its claw into a woman's chest, infecting her and causing panic to erupt among the ranks.

Reflexively, one of the men nearby throws a stasis grenade at the Kolvaxian, but in his panic the grenade misses its target, instead striking Legion Lieutenant Diego, freezing him on the spot! Diego's attachment to the Legion goes dark, cutting him off until the stasis bubble disappears, but that unfortunately won't happen for another five minutes!

"No, dammit!" Lauren exclaims, grabbing her enchanted sword and rushing toward the Kolvaxian in their midst. 

Lauren slashes at the monster, and her sword bites into its skin and bone, but the blade catches in the creature's ribcage and quickly heals up, trapping her weapon inside the Kolvaxian's body.

"Shit, shit, shit!" Lauren exclaims. She lets go of the hilt right as the Kolvaxian slashes its claw at her, narrowly avoiding the attack which would likely have infected her on the spot. Lauren quickly goes into a defensive stances, dodging and weaving after the Kolvaxian tosses the infected trooper aside and attacks her with everything it has. 

At the same time, due to Lauren's inability to guide her troops, the front-lines begin to lose focus, allowing more Kolvaxians to draw nearer and nearer. Several stasis grenades land amidst the encroaching Kolvaxians, but a few go wide, trapping empty sections of the battlefield in dimensional bubbles, making their limited ammunition reserves deplete quickly. Unfortunately, due to a lack of time and precious materials, only a few thousand stasis grenades have been properly developed, and more will take time to craft. Every missed grenade is a huge waste of resources!

Lauren's heartrate elevates. Without a proper weapon capable of defeating the Kolvaxian in her ranks, she's a sitting duck! Teetering on the edge of death, not even her enchanted golden armor will protect her for long. Every Kolvaxian has the physical body of a Cosmic. No mortal armor is capable of protecting the humans for long!

Just then, a streak of red light races across the skies. It burns the upper atmosphere, launching from atop Mount Adams as it charges toward Lauren's position. Several soldiers look up just in time to see a huge fireball of ten-thousand-degree heat rush toward the Kolvaxian closest to the front-lines.

_BOOM!!_

The fireball crashes into the nearest Kolvaxian and slams it into the soil, forming a massive scorched crater. From within that crater, explosive flashes of light burst out, one after the other, before going silent.

Beelzebub, the Emperor of Inferno, steps out of the crater victoriously, his opponent reduced to ash. He ignites a flame-whip in his hand and starts lashing out madly at two nearby Kolvaxians, cutting through their armored skin and bones with a bit of difficulty, in the same way he did years before when battling his mentor, Agares. As it turns out, his fire-whip has enough focused heat-energy to even penetrate through the defenses of these sturdy Kolvaxians.

"Beelzebub? It's HIM?!" One of the troopers gasps.

"Shit, why did it have to be that bastard who saved us?" Another complains.

"I don't give a damn if it's Beelzebub or Satan the Devil! We were all about to die!"

"But he's Beelzebub! He's the one who-"

"Shut your mouth and be thankful! We need all hands on deck, you moron!"

Beelzebub ignores the cries of outrage from some of the shortsighted troops. He's long expected people to reject his help, but helping them even if they hate him takes precedence during this crisis.

After taking out the nearest threats, Beelzebub rockets over to Lauren. He pounces upon the Kolvaxian from behind while superheating his palms with nuclear energy. Beelzebub explodes his palms, directing the energy deep into the Kolvaxian's body and irradiating its internal organs with the heat of a relatively cool star. The monster's body seizes up for a second, allowing Beelzebub's hands to regenerate, and for him to once again direct a second nuclear attack into the monster's muscles and bones.

The creature falls down, dead. The second trooper who was infected only moments before starts to stand up, but Beelzebub rushes over to finish him off.

With a few moments to spare, Beelzebub glances at Lauren, who has retrieved her sword from the dead Kolvaxian's body.

"You're leading this platoon?" Beelzebub asks.

"I am." Lauren answers, her expression failing to conceal a distinct flavor of malevolent hatred. Beelzebub easily picks up on the fact he must have hurt or killed someone very close to Lauren in the past, likely when he ignited his body in the thermonuclear explosion above the former Hero City.

He doesn't have time to spare any mental energy toward her hatred. He has a job to do, and that job is saving as many people as possible.

"I'll kill as many Kolvaxians as I can." Beelzebub says. "Focus on preventing them from reaching you. Keep up the gunfire."

"You don't need to worry about us." Lauren retorts. "We humans can hold our own."

_Really? It didn't look that way when I arrived,_ Beelzebub thinks.

He doesn't vocalize his intrusive thought.

"Just do what you feel is right, then." Beelzebub concedes. "If a few stray bullets hit me, I'll forgive you."

He leaps back into the battle, and Lauren sneers. _As if we'd ever want or need your forgiveness, murderer._

Beelzebub's whip lashes out time after time, biting into the sturdy bodies of the Kolvaxians and slowly cutting them apart, one by one. Unfortunately, when he tries using other attacks, they badly lack the striking effectiveness necessary to kill the creatures.

Their bodies are simply too sturdy!

_Damn!_ Beelzebub thinks, as he finally whips one of the creatures across its chest to leave a deep enough wound for himself to finish the job with a focused stream of flames. _I feel more limited than ever! Each one of these monsters has a body on par with a Demon Deity! It's a miracle a mere Emperor like me can do anything to them in the first place! Is there a way I can make a bigger impact?_

Beelzebub's thoughts wander for a moment too long. A Kolvaxian melts out of the ground behind him, then stabs its claw into his back.

_Riiiip!_

"Aaargh! You piece of trash!" Beelzebub screams, desperately wishing he didn't feel pain so clearly after his return to the mortal coil. "Aaaaugh!"

The humans behind Beelzebub widen their eyes in horror.

If the Kolvaxians capture and absorb Beelzebub, they might obtain another terrifying boost in combat effectiveness. This is something nobody wants to see, not even if they hate the Emperor of Inferno!

"Assist Beelzebub!" Lauren shouts. "Quick! Knock that Kolvaxian down!"

But unfortunately, even when half of the XM-250 Titan Troopers fire their deadliest rounds into the Kolvaxian's back, they barely manage to stagger it. The creature's tendrils writhe around inside Beelzebub's body, working quickly to infect his veins.

Beelzebub instantly realizes the Kolvaxian's goal. It pulls on his back, dragging him toward the ground as it uses all its strength to yank him to his final earthen grave.

"Like HELL I'll let you eat me!" Beelzebub roars. His eyes ignite with flame, and he directs that flame into the core of his body.

The flame rapidly rises past 10,000 degrees Kelvin. It heats to 15,000 degrees, then 20,000. 30,000!

A super-ignition sequence begins as all of Beelzebub's cells burn at their maximum temperature, rapidly charging up for a nuclear detonation.

Lauren's heart goes cold. She and all the troopers nearby gasp in fear as their T-REX's report the imminent self-destruction of the Infernal Emperor.

"EVERYONE! GET DOWN!" Lauren shrieks. "He's going to blow!!"

Beelzebub roars to the sky. Every one of his cells continues to increase in temperature, causing a light as bright as Maiura's star to light up on the battlefield. The human soldiers look away, shielding their eyes as they dive to the dirt. Even so, they know they cannot hope to survive his detonation. They're certainly in the immediate blast zone.

But, after several seconds, Lauren's thoughts brighten.

_He hasn't exploded yet? What's going on?_

She cracks her eyes open, but Beelzebub's body is still radiating a light bright enough to permanently blind her. Surprisingly, the heat that should have roasted everyone alive has not traveled far from him. Instead, Beelzebub forcibly prevents himself from actually exploding. He deliberately contains and revolves all the heat being output from his bones around his immediate surroundings, containing his power so it won't harm the humans.

The Kolvaxians that should have pressed the attack on the humans all step back, as if fearful of the star that has turned their companion to dust. Already, the Kolvaxian that dared to sneak-attack Beelzebub has perished, evaporating long before he reached his ultimate temperature of 50,000 degrees Kelvin.

Beelzebub grins wickedly. He recalls a conversation he had with Saul and Kiari not even a day before, a conversation about his lack of imagination.

"HEH HEH HEH." Beelzebub laughs. "It seems I don't HAVE to detonate myself. If I contain the power and limit the radiation, I can turn myself into... A LIVING STAR!"

Beelzebub launches forward, buoyed by the heat lifting him off the ground. He races toward the Kolvaxians, and the moment he draws toward the nearest one, its skin rapidly burns away, revealing its muscles and bone underneath.

Beelzebub grabs the Kolvaxian by the throat. With a "HARRUMPH", he sends a surge of heat blasting directly into the monster's meridians, detonating it like a grenade from the inside-out. The Kolvaxian dies on the spot, exploding into ash!

Over the next few minutes, Beelzebub chases down the other nearby Kolvaxians, though he fails to catch a few that dove underground and swam away. For those unlucky enough to end up in his grasp, they perish within seconds, and Beelzebub ultimately stands tall, having achieved a feat that not even Henry could accomplish.

Gradually, Beelzebub's light dims. His body sags as the immense power he was outputting dies down, leaving him feeling exhausted.

The strain... is immense.

Beelzebub returns to his normal appearance. Frustratingly, he finds that he has once again seared his suit to ash, forcing him to cloak his demonhood, among other things, in flames.

Lauren opens her eyes. She blinks several times, wincing as spots blur her vision. She manages to make out multiple piles of ash, as well as Beelzebub's flaming body, but she cannot see the Kolvaxians anywhere.

"They're dead. Most of them." Beelzebub says, flying back over to the army. "Sorry for the light. Did I blind anyone permanently? Leeroy might be able to heal you."

"Our T-REX's compensated for the change in lighting, at least to a certain extent." Lauren says, looking at him with a faint sense of fear and awe. "You... what did you do? I expected you to... go nuclear."

"That would have harmed all of you. I couldn't go that far." Beelzebub explains. "Instead, I circulated the heat around myself, feeding it back into my body over and over to repeat the process. I'd love to tell you it's a new technique I've been practicing, but it came to me... just now."

"Well. You saved our lives." Lauren says, assessing the Emperor more carefully. "So... thanks."

"Sure. Anytime." Beelzebub says, sighing heavily. "But that attack was too draining. I don't even know where I got the energy to pull it off. Don't feel like I can do it again. Even a Flame Whip would be too tiring..."

"You've done enough. Take a break and leave the stragglers to us." Lauren says. "Well... if you want to pitch in again, feel free to come back a second time."

Beelzebub glances around. He notices that the expressions of the troopers have changed. No longer do they look at him with outright hatred and hostility, but instead faint begrudging admiration.

_It's progress._ Beelzebub thinks.

Beelzebub moves to the backline to stand atop a sturdy makeshift floor made of Wordsmithium. In this way, Kolvaxians won't be able to pounce at him from below, at least not easily.

He takes a break to regain his stamina, while the Kolvaxians reappear before the human troops, pushing slowly against the wall of gunfire to try and break the defensive lines.

_The battle isn't going amazingly._ Beelzebub thinks. _A lot of humans have fallen already. But they're holding on. If things continue to progress the way they have, the Kolvaxians will run out of infectable bodies before long. Humanity has been preparing for this attack. They may even be the first world to successfully rout the Kolvaxians!_

He frowns.

_But who knows what will happen next? We should be prepared for the worst to happen, as well._

Shortly after Beelzebub takes his rest, Lieutenant Diego's time-stasis finally breaks. For him, a mere two seconds pass, barely even a few blinks of an eye. He reappears in Realspace, looking panicked as he swivels around, trying to locate the Kolvaxian that just attacked his men. Instead, he spots Beelzebub cloaked in flames, looking at him with wry amusement.

"Beelzebub?!" Diego asks, bewildered. "The Kolvaxian- where is...?"

"I killed it." Beelzebub says with a chuckle. "And the others. You're welcome."

"I... I see." Diego says, his adrenaline cooling off. "Well. Thanks a lot, I suppose-"

Diego goes quiet mid-sentence. He pauses and looks away as a voice crackles in the speaker of his T-REX.

"-forcements needed! I repeat, Hope Hiro's children are in danger! Dispatch reinforcements to Adams-014! The Western Front is in danger of collapse!"

"The hell?" Diego mutters. "Beelzebub, can you fly? The western front needs help! Hope Hiro's children are in danger."

Beelzebub quickly nods. "I am fatigued from exerting myself, but I'll recover quickly. Which direction should I go?"

Diego points to the west. "That way! The opposite side of Mount Adams."

"Alright. Will you be okay if I leave?" Beelzebub asks.

Diego hesitates. He glances at the few remaining Kolvaxians that are slowly approaching the front-lines. Even though Beelzebub killed most of them, even a mere handful of them are still a terrifying Threat no human would be capable of killing, barring a few specified Champions.

"...We'll manage." Diego says quietly. "The Wordsmith's children are more important than us, anyway. Just go! If we die here, then you must at least ensure humanity's future Heroes live on!"

"I'll be going, then." Beelzebub says, before jumping into the air and igniting flames beneath his feet. He rockets up into the sky, racing over the top of Mount Adams as he disappears into the distance.

Diego grimaces. "Godspeed."