Part 630: Road Trip

January 19th, 2021. 8AM. Portland, Oregon.

The receptionist at Cryotek, Leeta, sat down to type up a manifest report on all the visitors from the day before. This was a typical morning task, nothing out of the ordinary, and something she had done a thousand times. Having worked at Cryotek for three years, she had yet to move up in the organization, but she also wasn't trying to, either. Working here was great because it was a part-time job that offered stable hours while she attended classes at the University of Portland.

As Leeta rapidly typed up a list, she paused to look around the lobby. There was only one person here, this early in the morning, and he was just some businessman waiting for an assessment appointment for a future entry into the second or third round of cryo-storage, assuming the first round went well. Unfortunately, due to delays forced by the recent arrest of that Jason Hiro terrorist guy, Cryotek had faced increased government scrutiny and put off its first batch of cryogenic freezing for a few weeks. A lot of people were angry, but through some carefully worded emails the company was able to squeak by with minimal blowback.

Still, Leeta was annoyed. She had planned to enjoy several weeks off once the company shut down future sign-ups to monitor the first batch of participants. It would be at least two or three more weeks until she enjoyed her impromptu vacation.

As she sat there, typing at over a hundred words per minute and sulking in the back of her mind, the main doors opened, and a muscular man wearing a black suit, sunglasses, and a wide-brimmed hat walked in. He glanced around the lobby, then looked at Leeta before heading toward her. Leeta pushed her annoyance aside and beamed a smile at him.

"Good morning, sir. Do you have an appointment?"

The man didn't smile back. He reached into his back pocket and pulled out his wallet, then flashed a badge at her.

"Agent Ryan Lederman, South Carolina Special Division. I'm here today to ask some questions regarding the recent arrest of a young man inside Cryotek. Could you direct me to someone in charge?"

Leeta blinked. "Of course. Rebecca Langley is our head researcher. She should have access to that information, and clearance to answer your questions."

The man frowned slightly. "Mmm. Is there, perhaps, a man in charge?"

Leeta couldn't help herself. Her smile deflated instantly.

Of COURSE this _asshole_ had to be some big macho tough guy misogynist. It was clear he thought women couldn't lead or do anything themselves. Guys like this were the bane of every woman's existence, and it was obvious just by looking at him he was some meathead who thought only men could run businesses. Leeta was tempted to immediately call Rebecca out, have her give him a piece of her mind, but Leeta thought better of it. She decided to just ignore his misogyny and resist the urge to roll her eyes.

"...We have Doctor Reginald in the back. He's the other Head Researcher, but-"

"That's fine." Ryan said, looking around the lobby. "As long as it's a man. Don't really have time to chit-chat about nails and whatever."

Leeta nearly blew a fuse. She had to fight against the demons in her heart lest she explode in rage at this piece of work, and it took all her self control to silently press the button on her phone system, dial Head Researcher Reginald's office, and ask him through gritted teeth if he had time to speak to this _fine upstanding gentleman._ Luckily, Reginald came out and ushered Ryan into his office before Leeta lost her temper.

This time, when Leeta returned to tapping on the keyboard, her fingers impacted the keys with the angry force of a jackhammer. Even the businessman in the suit across the lobby glanced at her, noticing how much louder her typing had become as she deliberately vented her anger on the keyboard.

Not twenty minutes later, Agent Ryan exited the office. He walked past Leeta without saying a word, as if the existence of a woman had disappeared from his mind once she was out of sight and mind.

"Have. A. Nice. Day." Leeta said, biting the words off at him as he strode toward the front door.

Ryan didn't even pause. "Yeah, thanks."

...

Outside, Ryan walked away from the Cryotek building in a calm and measured manner. After walking down a few side streets, he turned into a coffee shop and sat down, taking off his sunglasses and pressing his finger to his lips.

"Hmm. So his name was Jason Hiro. Assigned to cryosleep through a randomized clinical trial. Expressed interest in quitting the program, according to what Seymour told me. The security cameras showed a plain black truck took him, but they didn't look government-issued. Certainly not FBI. The MO doesn't match the Knights Templar. That leaves the Illuminati. Damn. They must have taken the kid to their base out east. But why? To what end?"

Ryan chewed his nail for a few minutes, mulling various thoughts in his mind.

"...There's no other choice. I have to infiltrate their base. But I'm a known asset. They probably have men and women mixed together in and out of uniform. Cameras everywhere. Security precautions and alarms and other human tech I won't understand. It won't be as easy as it was just twenty or thirty years ago. I can't keep up with the humans' rate of advancements these days..."

'Ryan' closed his eyes and massaged his forehead.

"Two options. I either try to sneak in quietly, or I go the loud route. The Illuminati is formidable, and they can definitely beat back a single Emperor with the options at their disposal, but the problem is the kid. _Jason Hiro_. Come on, the name itself seems to imply... no, wouldn't that be too on the nose? Hiro? _Hero_? Could he be a Trueborn? Did his parents have an ironic naming sense, or was it just karma and luck or something? Bah, it's going to be a serious problem if he _is_ a Hero. Satan will not be happy."

"So if I go in loud, maybe they evacuate Jason with some underground route. Even if I knock everyone out, he might be long gone. Not to mention, if they picked him up, they must have detected his Heroic Energy. Maybe he's already started using his powers. What abilities does he have? Is he a weakling, or a powerhouse?"

As it turned out, this 'Agent Ryan' was merely one of Belial's casual disguises. She didn't even bother looking up a real government agency. By the time anyone figured out someone unauthorized had viewed the security cameras, she would be long gone, and all the blame would be pinned on Head Researcher Reginald. Poor guy might even get fired, not that she cared.

"I shouldn't approach this mission alone." Belial muttered to herself, remaining in her 'secret agent' disguise. "I need backup. When it comes to bypassing human tech, there's only one valid option. It has to be Ose. She's a bit bratty, but she's reliable when it comes to this stuff. I should also bring along... yeah, that would work. Just in case things go badly and we need to get loud. It's always good to have a backup option."

A waitress approached Belial. "Excuse me sir, would you like any coffee?"

"Fuck off." Belial said, not even bothering to look at the woman.

"Ah! Well, fine then, asshole. Jesus." The waitress said, storming away in a huff.

It wasn't that Belial was usually rude to women, but just in case she was being followed, she needed to maintain her disguise. This persona of 'Ryan Lederman' was a misogynist who only talked to men, so it was best if she always ignored and downplayed women when opportunities arose.

Belial sat for a while longer, formulating a plan. Then, she stood up, walked out, and waved for a taxi.

---

January 19th, 2020. 2PM. Seattle, Washington.

"Big Brian! Ahhh!!! I'm SUCH a huge fan! You're soooo hot!!!"

A woman screamed in glee as her favorite rockstar walked past, a mountain of a man wearing a black leather jacket seemingly taken right out of an 80's rock band. The man proudly stomped forward, his giant feet leaving faint imprints on the floor as he maneuvered his eight-foot-tall frame around the back halls of the concert area. Big Brian shot the woman a goofy smile and nodded. "Well shucks, thanks for the compliment, toots! You ain't lookin' so bad yourself!"

He gave the woman a huge thumbs up, and she screamed in delight even louder. Next to the woman were hundreds of other people, all held behind a short fence to keep them from rushing the A-list celebrity. Big Brian had been on a comeback tour along with some of his old bandmates, as well as a few new faces. Naturally, while most of the fanbase was on the 40+ side of the age curve, there were still some younger fans who also thought he was cool in a way only people of an older generation could be.

Camera's whirred and clicked, bathing Big Brian and his bandmates in a series of white flashes. Behind him, Shatter and Screamer walked, a longtime brother and sister duo who were getting up there in years, yet still seemed to age extremely gracefully. Screamer in particular looked as attractive as many modern twenty-year old performers, seeming as if she hadn't aged a day. She wore black lipstick and had a somewhat gothic appearance, but her moodiness didn't deter an avalanche of men from constantly sending her fanmail.

Shatter on the other hand sported a huge head of frizzy white hair. He constantly stuck his tongue out and made crazy faces at the nearby fans as he walked, shouting his iconic catch phrases like "Shatter the heavens!!" and "Burn us down to hell!!"

As they strode past the fans, their security detail kept a careful watch out. One could never be too sure if some psycho would threaten the talent's lives, and there was always the danger of a smuggled handgun or an explosive that could bring tragedy to an otherwise positive event.

Eventually, the performers left the concert hall, went backstage, and entered their dressing rooms. Big Brian cracked his back after they closed the door and secured the area.

"Ohh, man! That was a great concert, Shax! You were on fire tonight!"

"You too, Bael!" Shax laughed back. "You beat those drums like your life depended on it. I was having trouble keeping up with you!"

The trio touched their rings and reverted their false human appearances, revealing their demonic forms. Bael, Shax, and Murmur regained their red skin, feeling no different than when their disguises were activated. Still, they preferred to be in their demon forms, since that felt a little more natural.

"Murmur, you doin' okay?" Bael asked, leaning down to her level. "You're a little quieter than usual."

Murmur levitated on top of her big brother's shoulder. She was extremely short, less than three feet tall to her brother's seven foot stature. Their heights didn't change when in human form, so it was a distinct contrast that helped make their band look unique, even in simple silhouettes on promotional material.

"It's nothing." Murmur said quietly. "Just... a creepy guy. Kept calling me 'little girl.' I didn't like it."

Bael's smile soured. "What? So there was some punk thinkin' weird thoughts? What he look like? I'll straighten him right out!"

Murmur crossed her arms and looked away. "I'll do it myself. Later. Just not in the mood right now."

"Oh. Okay." Bael said, lowering his fists. "Well, look, I'm pretty hungry. Whaddya guys say we go get some Mexican food, huh?"

While it was true that demons often _enjoyed_ eating the flesh of humans, as it happened, human food was so delicious that many demons opted to try out their cuisine occasionally, or even regularly. Bael was one of the more prolific cases.

"I'm not in the mood for any food." Shax said. "I'm gonna go nap for a bit. My throat's kinda worn out, man."

Murmur shrugged. "I'll go."

"Hell yeah!" Bael said. "Let's go, Murmur! Food time! Food time! Food time!"

Murmur levitated off Shax's shoulder, then fiddled with her ring to return to her human appearance. She looked like a dwarf human, but also sort of like a cute little girl in her teens, albeit much shorter than the average. After Bael reverted back to his human state, the two of them headed into their personal changing areas to swap clothing. Bael donned a giant black T-shirt with a skull and crossbones on the front, while Murmur ended up putting on a simple black sundress. She didn't like dressing up, and always opted to wear rather basic clothing when out and about.

After the duo finished changing clothes, Bael took Murmur's hand, and the two of them left the dressing room, flanked by their security. In order not to draw much attention, they first surveyed a path without fans, sneaked out the back, and got inside a black SUV. Their driver drove them over to a Mexican restaurant, and allowed them to leave, alone. Naturally, bodyguards surveyed the perimeter, but they made sure to give Bael and Murmur space so they wouldn't attract attention inside. They had no way of knowing that a random psycho with a gun had zero chance of causing these two any harm, but they still had to make sure their assigned talents stayed safe.

After entering the restaurant, Bael squeezed his huge body into a small chair, while Murmur sat opposite him, her head barely able to peek over the table. She blushed slightly out of embarrassment before asking for a booster seat. But then again, she was used to having to do this.

"Alright," Bael said, after looking at the menu for five minutes. "Waiter guy! I'll take a plate of this stuff, this stuff, this soupy stuff, this, this, three of these, and... you know what? This looks good too. What about you, _Screamer_?"

Murmur handed the menu back to the waiter. "A plate of fajitas for me."

The waiter took their order, then gave Bael a long, serious look. He alone had just ordered more than $400 worth of food. Was he seriously going to eat it all? Maybe they had more friends on the way.

But the waiter decided not to question anything. "Si, senor. Give us ten minutes for the Fajitas, and... do you want all your food at once, senor?"

"Nah, just bring it out as you cook it." Bael said. "I'll be eating for a while."

"Oh. Alright then, you are the boss, senor." The waiter said, before walking away scratching his head and muttering something under his breath.

Naturally, Bael and Murmur heard his muttered words, but they didn't care. He was just some unimportant human. His opinions didn't matter at all.

Murmur looked around the restaurant. Surprisingly, she and Bael were the only people there, despite being in the middle of the day on a Sunday. It was rather bizarre. Maybe the restaurant wasn't doing too well financially and would soon go out of business? She had no idea.

While they waited for their food to arrive, Bael smiled at her.

"Somethin's on your mind, I can tell." Bael said. "Hit me. What's up?"

Murmur lowered her eyes. She sighed.

"Bael... I..."

She paused.

"First, promise not to tell Shax. Not yet."

Bael's smile slipped. "Uh... sure. But why not?"

Murmur's toes fidgeted under the table.

"Because... I... want to quit the band."

Bael's jaw dropped. "W-what? No way! You're kiddin'. Why, Murmur? You've got the voice of an angel."

"I only sing because Shax likes it." Murmur muttered. "But _I_ don't like singing. I like being around Shax. He's always there. He makes me feel safe. But this whole... band thing. We've been doing it for so long. I'm tired of it. I want to do something else."

Bael looked at her, crestfallen. "Come on, sister. Whaddya mean? What else could you possibly wanna do?"

Murmur didn't immediately answer. She fell silent as the waiter returned with her plate of fajitas, as well as Bael's first entree, which turned out to be three gigantic burritos covered in red sauce and onions.

After the waiter left, Murmur speared some of her veggies and meat. She silently bit into the delicious fajitas, savoring their hot and crispy texture while giving herself time to think.

"I'm not sure." She eventually said, answering Bael's previous question. "Maybe... painting? I want to try painting."

Bael nodded. He shoved part of the first burrito in his mouth and took a huge bite, horking down a third of it instantly. Red sauce ran down his face, but he didn't notice. He chewed loudly in a lip-smacking manner that would disgust most people, but which Murmur had long grown used to, then he finished off the rest of the burrito in two more bites.

"Mmm! I mean, painting's cool. It's cool!" Bael said, being surprisingly careful not to spit burrito debris all over Murmur's side of the table. "You think you'll be any good??"

"I don't know." Murmur said, her voice lowering slightly. "It's not about 'being good' for me. I just think it would be fun. More fun than singing. I don't like singing. I just don't know how to tell Shax. He's... he's going to feel so sad. I don't want to make him sad."

Bael paused his eating. He noticed a hint of depression on Murmur's face. It slowly sunk into his thick skull that this situation wasn't as simple as he previously thought.

Slowly, very very slowly, the gears of something approaching 'thoughts' whirred inside Bael's head. He looked at Murmur with slightly glazed eyes, trying to think of something smart to say.

Then, like a bolt of lightning, it hit him! The perfect response!

"Ehh, he'll get over it." Bael said, waving his hand flippantly. "It ain't that big a deal. We're demons. You can always come back someday. Do another tour. You just do your painting, girl. Don't let nobody tell you otherwise!"

Murmur frowned. She daintily ate another forkful of peppers and steak.

"But... Shax loves when I sing." Murmur said, looking at Bael with hopeful eyes. "How can we break the news to him?"

"Maaan, you're overthinking this." Bael said, rolling his eyes. "Seriously, it ain't no big deal, Murmur. Look, we just find another demon girl who likes singing, yeah? We'll just say you're retirin' or whatever, say we got a new talent lined up, boom! Easy! Besides, you gonna go live somewhere else?"

Murmur slowly shook her head. "No... I'll still be here."

"Great! Then you'll come to the concerts?"

She nodded again. "Yes..."

"Then what's the problem??" Bael asked. "You ain't fallin' off the face of the Earth! You'll just be chillin' in the dressing room, paintin' up a storm. Easy. We'll miss havin' ya on stage, but you can always come back if the paintin' thing don't work out."

"Oh." Murmur said, smiling shyly. "I guess I was overthinking things. Not much is going to change. Thanks, Bael. You're such a smart guy."

Bael snorted. "Let's not go _too_ far now."

The door to the Mexican restaurant opened. Murmur turned her head in the direction of the man who entered, then frowned. He wore a black suit, sunglasses, and a wide-brimmed hat, but secretly, she felt a mild current of demonic energy thanks to a resonance spike within her own disguise ring.

The man walked over to their table, and Bael lifted his head, only now noticing the new arrival.

"The hell? Don't even THINK of touching my food, pal!" Bael snapped, giving this newcomer a mean look.

"I'm not interested in your food, Bael." The man said, before turning to Murmur and winking. 

"Hey Murmur. Since you're here, guess I can invite you as well. Would you two like to go on a little... _road trip_?"