Part 178: Helpless Belial

**[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Be3vB3aUfW4)**

Every inch of Belial's body begs for mercy. The moment Jason's holy energy bomb detonates, her consciousness falls to pieces. She crashes into the ground as the divine power of the angels hits her where she's weakest.

The world falls silent. 

Belial lays motionless in the dirt, her head reeling from the unexpected assault. She stares into the sky as several seconds later, her vision slowly returns, little more than a spotty haze. The Second Emperor of Demonkind coughs weakly, while the one who assaulted her folds his hands behind his back.

"Juh... Jason...? He... attacked... me?"

Belial wheezes. The Hero's holy energy ravages her internal organs, causing immense pain. Even so, she merely grits her teeth and scowls at the winged-human levitating above her. With her incredible strength as a Demon Emperor, even angelic mana doesn't instantly kill her, despite how it would a subordinate of inferior rank. 

Belial twitches her finger and raises a shaking arm to touch her chest. Intending to heal herself, she nearly succeeds before a flicker of movement to her left catches her off-guard.

_CRACK!!_

A fist bigger than a truck, formed from the wind itself, tears across the ground and uppercuts Belial into the sky. Her body spins and careens as she flies toward the Wordsmith levitating above her.

Suddenly, another fist appears! It strikes Belial from above and sends her tumbling to the planet's surface below. The succubus coughs blood as she falls.

_Whump!_

Belial hits the dirt with enough speed to crush an ordinary human into a puddle of gore. Despite her incredibly resilient demon body, several of her bones fracture and break, causing her immense pain.

"Ah... augh..."

Belial lays on her back and whimpers pitifully. Her chest rises and falls in short, stuttery motions. Her mind spins like a bowling ball, unable to make out her surroundings. No matter how she tries, the succubus can't calm the terror running through her veins. Her blood turns to ice as another fist hits her and sends her flying to the side.

Meanwhile, a short distance away, Henry and his four fellow soldiers stare at the unexpected sight in total disbelief. The young Lieutenant presses one of his hands against the side of his helmet, even as he tries to make sense of why Jason is attacking Belial with such vicious, bloodthirsty intentions.

"Jason is going to kill Samantha!" One of the nearby soldiers yells. "We have to stop him! That succubus is important to us! She healed one of my friends from a fatal wound. We can't let the Commander tear her to pieces!"

"You saw what he did to the Hydra," A female soldier says. "Commander Jason blew the beast up from the inside-out. It was as if he detonated a bomb in the center of a lake of blood. How in the hell are we supposed to fight against that?"

Henry grits his teeth. "We don't, and we can't. Stand down. If the Commander is attacking the succubus, then we let him. He must have a good reason! Besides, everyone knows she's the Second Emperor. I'm sure he has a good reason!"

"But... Jason clearly isn't acting like himself! I've never seen him do something like this before! Not ever!"

"Then maybe that's proof he found out something horrifying!" Henry bellows. He jerks his head toward the female soldier and scowls at her. Due to the opaque nature of his helmet, she can't see his expression, but his tense body movements betray the anger boiling in his heart. "Commander Neil has always said we were wrong to accept a goddamned Emperor of Demonkind into our ranks! How do you know Jason hasn't learned something important during his fight against the Hydra? Maybe that bitch summoned it here! Did you ever think about that?!"

The female soldier takes a step back. Her confidence wavers under Henry's onslaught. "N-no, I... I..."

"Then keep your mouth shut, soldier! That's an order! We'll retreat and leave the Commander to his business!"

As Henry yells, a deep voice booms from the direction of the portal. "Hey! Turtle! What in the name of tarnation are you doing! Stop, dammit! STOP!!"

A massive soldier, four feet taller than those around him, stomps across the battlefield at nearly a hundred miles an hour. His feet crash against the ground with deep thunderous _booms_, leaving two-inch depressions in his wake. With huge, sweeping strides, he barrels toward Jason and Belial to try and save the succubus, paying no heed to his safety.

A short distance behind him, a slender soldier with a plasma rifle matches his speed, following him as he crosses the battlefield. "Jason! Stop it! Stop hurting Sammy!"

Kar and Phoebe dash across the torn-up field. As humanity's fourth and fifth strongest warriors, only they dare to stand up to the rampaging Wordsmith and save their friend. Nevertheless, no matter how loudly they yell, Jason merely folds his hands behind his back and stares at the succubus beneath him while battering her limp body wherever he pleases. Jason's windborn fists pummel Belial ferociously, turning her unmoving figure into a ragdoll.

Kar leaps forward and intercepts Belial as Jason sends her spinning across the torn-up plains. The reptilian Sphinx catches her broken body in his arms and envelops her in a protective embrace. Immediately, Jason's assault comes to a stop.

"What's wrong with you?!" Phoebe shrieks. Her gaze falls upon Belial, and a shudder goes down her spine. "Stop attacking Sam! Stop it, right this instant!"

Jason doesn't respond. He slowly flaps his wings and continues to fly in the sky. A moment later, the sound of rushing air envelops Kar.

_Foop!_

Kar vanishes, causing Belial's body to flop to the ground.

The Sphinx reappears at the warp-gate, a look of confusion on his face. He jerks his head around to gaze at his new location in bewilderment. "Huh? I was over there, and now I'm here... teleportation?"

The moment Kar vanishes, another fist materializes beside Belial and smashes her with all its strength, sending her careening across the ground. In the blink of an eye, a giant boulder appears in Belial's path, causing her to crash into it and come to a shuddering stop. The succubus offers no resistance, her comatose form unable to retaliate against Jason's brutal attacks.

This time, Phoebe dives forward. With tears in her eyes, she leaps atop the Second Emperor and shields her with her body. "Jason! Stop!!"

_Foop!_

Phoebe vanishes.

She teleports to Kar's side, traveling several football fields in the blink of an eye.

Enraged, Phoebe realizes what has happened far quicker than Kar. "Aaaargh! Kar, I don't know what's wrong with Jason's head, but Samantha won't last much longer! We have to stop him!"

Without replying, Kar jumps forward and dives into the ground. He activates his earth manipulation magic and begins swimming at twice his running speed. Phoebe dashes forward, using her enhanced agility to try and match his pace, but Kar easily outdoes her. Within seconds, right after Jason resumes attacking the helpless demoness beneath him, the soil suddenly opens up, and Belial falls into a depression. Kar engulfs her in dirt and yanks her deep into the depths of the planet.

Then, the Sphinx bursts out of the ground and pounces into the sky. With Jason hovering a hundred feet over the battlefield, Kar clears the gap in a single second. Fifty pounds of rock and dirt coil around the Sphinx's fist as he rears back to punch the Wordsmith in the chest.

_Foop!_

Jason vanishes, causing the Croco-Sphinx to hit nothing but air. Kar falls from the sky and lands on his feet, hitting the dirt with a deep _whump!_

"What? Where'd Turtle go?!"

Kar turns around, only to see Jason hovering a few feet above the dirt. The Wordsmith tilts his head downward, and a second later...

_Foop!_

Belial materializes aboveground, still unconscious. With her arms twisted and legs mangled, her appearance is like that of a broken corpse. Kar spares her the briefest of glances, but he can't tell if she's alive anymore.

"Turtle... looks like I'll hafta knock some sense into ya..."

The crocodile narrows his eyes menacingly. Killing intent spirals in his body, causing him to grit his teeth in rage. 

_Crack! Pop!_

Kar's bones rapidly shift and reorient themselves. He leans forward and lands on his hands as his body morphs from an upright humanoid form into a four-legged animal body. His T-REX shifts along with his motions, having long since adapted to his unique physiology.

Seconds later, Jason slugs Belial again, flinging her into the sky. At that moment, massive eagle wings sprout from Kar's back. Now in his ultimate Sphinx form, Kar roars like a tiger and charges at Jason.

"Time for a nap, little turtle!!"

His claws lash out at Jason, but right before they hit...

_Foop!_

Jason teleports away, causing Kar to miss. The instant Jason reappears, Kar's heightened senses hone in on the Wordsmith. Kar leaps into the sky to chase after him.

Unlike before, thanks to his newly-acquired wings, Kar manages to chase after Jason as the Wordsmith repeatedly teleports to random locations. Kar focuses his senses and quickly notices something astonishing.

_When Turtle teleports, there's a faint trail of mana that appears for a split-second! If I focus harder, I can predict his movements!_

Despite the rage boiling in Kar's chest, he doesn't allow his emotions to get the best of himself. Instead, he places all of his attention on catching Jason so he can beat some sense into him.

_Even if Big Boobs survives, she'll end up crippled and traumatized! Turtle has never been this violent, so what changed? Bah! I need to knock him out so I can get some answers!_

Kar twists and somersaults in midair, then lunges toward Jason again. All the while, as Kar engages in combat with the Wordsmith, Phoebe slows to a stop below both of them.

Jason's wife stares at her husband with agitated eyes. Her entire body shivers and trembles as she imagines how badly she wants to wring his neck.

_You prick! I was worried about you, but you turned out just fine and even killed the Hydra! Now, what the hell are you doing? How am I supposed to save Sammy?!_

"Centurion, I need to speak to Jason! Open up an emergency communication line with him!"

"PILOT ZERO-ZERO-TWO, I CANNOT EXECUTE YOUR ORDER. PILOT ZERO-ZERO-THREE HAS DISABLED HIS COMMUNICATOR. I AM UNABLE TO ESTABLISH COMMUNICATION WITH HIS EXOSUIT."

Phoebe's expression turns ashen. "I made these stupid suits! Don't I have higher administrative rights than Jason?"

"NEGATIVE. PILOT ZERO-ZERO-THREE POSSESSES THE HIGHEST LEVEL OF COMMAND IN THE EXOSUIT INTERFACE. WITHOUT HIS PERMISSION, OR PERMISSION FROM PILOT ZERO-ZERO-FOUR, I AM UNABLE TO ESTABLISH A COMMUNICATION LINK."

"Only Hope can deactivate the communications block?"

"AFFIRMATIVE."

"Fuck!"

Phoebe balls her hands into fists and punches her hips.

"I have to save Sam! I have to! But how can I beat Jason if he can simply teleport away?"

As Phoebe's thoughts race, Belial suddenly falls from the sky, having been battered by Jason yet again.

_Boom!_

The succubus crashes into the ground a short distance away from Phoebe, startling her.

"Sammy? Sam?!"

Phoebe jumps in fright and rushes over to Belial's side. Her face turns green as she gazes upon the horrible wounds inflicted upon the succubus.

"Oh, god, oh, god..."

The Wordsmith's wife trembles as she nudges Belial's swollen arm. Countless bruises and swollen patches of skin turn the succubus from a glowing shade of red to a miserable mess of black and blue.

Phoebe glances upward, where Kar continues flying after Jason. This time, Jason takes his attention off Belial to focus on dodging the Sphinx's attacks.

No matter how fast Kar jumps, spins, or flies, Jason always teleports away at the last second, causing the Sphinx to slash at the empty air. Over and over, Kar pursues the Wordsmith, only for his attacks to end up causing no damage.

"Dammit! Stand still!" Kar bellows. "I've gotta teach you a lesson!"

Phoebe narrows her eyes.

_Jason hasn't retaliated against Kar once. So far, the only person he's attacked was Sam. But why? What reason could he have for attacking our friend? She's healed him on several occasions! They shouldn't have any enmity, yet ever since his encounter with the Hydra..._

Gears whirr and click into place in Phoebe's head. Puzzle pieces click together, but several irregularities still don't fit together, leaving her perplexed and stifled.

_Could my husband be under someone's mind control? That might be it! Otherwise, why would he ever attack Samantha?_

Like a bolt of lightning, that realization causes the hair on the back of Phoebe's neck to stand on end.

_Years ago, Jason told me that an attack on his mind caused Solomon's awakening. Solomon first appeared to help Jason from succumbing to someone else's control, but now that Solomon's protection has disappeared, Jason is vulnerable again!_

The last puzzle piece clicks in place.

_It's Ose! Ose took over Jason's mind, somehow. That has to be it! She nearly succeeded once, and if she has learned that Jason lacks Solomon's protection, she'd leap into action without hesitation!_

Countless conversations whirl in Phoebe's mind as she remembers all the days she's spent talking to Belial, especially when Jason wasn't present.

_Belial and Ose have a massive grudge between the two of them. From what I've gathered, Belial and Ose hate each other like nobody's business. If so, then it would explain why Jason has only aimed for Belial all this time!_

While Phoebe ruminates, Kar and Jason continue to cross blows. Over and over, Kar lunges at Jason, his speed increasing all the time.

_I see it! I see it!_ Kar's inner voice howls. _There's a line of mana showing where Turtle is about to teleport! If I can get ahead of him..._

Unbeknownst to the Sphinx, as he battles the Wordsmith, his body begins to adapt to the frantic pace of battle. Having only fought small-fry demons over the last several years, the maturing crocodile hasn't gone all-out in a battle since his ascension to Sphinx.

But now, with his battle against the Wordsmith, and his eager desire to inflict a killing blow, his body begins to morph and adapt, increasing his speed to levels beyond where he started minutes earlier.

As the Sphinx chases the Wordsmith, Phoebe watches them from below. A creeping dread appears in her mind, as her initial theory begins to waver.

_Ose might be controlling Jason. However, if that's the case, why is he only interested in killing Samantha? Why not Kar, or me? Would Ose only harbor a grudge toward Sam, but not the rest of us? No... that doesn't make any sense._

_CRACK!_

Kar swipes his claw out and finally manages to tag Jason's arm, causing the Wordsmith to transform into a spinning top right after he teleports. Jason gyrates uncontrollably in the sky and loses his ability to fly. A moment later, he plummets to the earth below and hits the dirt with a tremendous bang!

"Hahahaha! I knew it! You're slowing down, Turtle!" Kar laughs, oblivious to his improving speed. "Now that I've tired you out, it's time to put you to bed!"

Kar flaps his wings. He rushes toward the Wordsmith below and raises a meaty paw. He aims for the back of Jason's head, but, at the last second, a fist formed from condensed holy energy materializes between Jason and the Sphinx. Kar doesn't even get a second to react before it smashes his exosuit's chest.

_THOOMPH!_

The wordsmithed fist hits Kar like a freight train, sending him flying backward. The Sphinx smashes into Tarus's plains, bounces off the ground two times, and skids to a stop.

"Ow... owie... ooh..."

With a single sneak attack, Jason knocks the Croco-Sphinx out. Immediately, he levitates into the air and aims his gaze at Phoebe and Belial.

"No!" Phoebe exclaims. She jumps in front of Belial to shield the succubus with her body, despite knowing the action is futile.

Instead of teleporting the succubus into his grasp, Jason freezes. A split second later, his body vanishes.

_Foop!_

Immediately after, another figure appears, only inches from where he hovered before.

Hope.

The second Wordsmith, leader of humanity's military, swings his fist at the empty air and frowns.

"He disappeared?"

_PILOT ZERO-ZERO-FOUR! PILOT ZERO-ZERO-THREE TELEPORTED AWAY THE MOMENT YOU ARRIVED. I HYPOTHESIZE THAT HE ANTICIPATED YOUR ARRIVAL._

"Right..."

Hope sweeps his gaze around the battlefield, only to see Jason levitating several hundred feet behind him. The armored Wordsmith says nothing as he stares down his unarmored clone.

"Long time, no see," Hope mutters. "Got nothing to say for yourself?"

Jason doesn't respond.

However, below both combatants, Phoebe raises her voice. "Hope! There's something wrong with Jason! He attacked Samantha! I suspect someone might have mind-controlled him!"

Hope flicks his gaze down to the two women below him. He raises an eyebrow at the sight of the badly-injured succubus cradled in Phoebe's arms.

_Jason attacked Belial? That makes no sense. I might do something like that, but there's no way Jason would._

Hope evaluates Jason carefully as he considers his options.

Meanwhile, below, Phoebe stares at Hope in disbelief.

_Hope is levitating, just like Jason, but he isn't using wings! Jason told me that trying to fly without wings was extremely difficult. Does that mean Hope's flying abilities are superior to Jason's?_

_And look at how scruffy Hope's become! I haven't seen him in months. He looks the same as Jason but also more... threatening._

Phoebe scrutinizes Hope's appearance, shocked at the three-day-old facial hair he hasn't taken care of. However, the one thing she doesn't see is Solomon's Crown, now invisible thanks to Hope's Wordsmithing.

Hope narrows his mind. _Solomon. What's wrong with Jason? Why is he attacking Belial and the others?_

Solomon shrugs. _Does the reason matter? If he kills the Second Emperor, you won't have to worry about a shape-shifting infiltrator in your midst._

_Right. I'm not saying I oppose the idea, but... this isn't like Jason at all. I don't like this one bit. It smells like some fuckery's going on._

Hope's expression turns grim.

_If anyone is going to kill the Demon Emperor lurking in our midst; it'll be me. I can't let Jason take my glory._

Solomon nods. _Very well. If that's how you feel, I'll let you in on a secret._

_A secret?_

_Yes. Indeed, Jason isn't in his right mind. When I transferred my crown to you, I left behind a portion of my soul in his mind in case of emergencies. Since the Hydra nearly killed him, it must have taken over._

Hope's eyes widen.

_You did WHAT?! Solomon! What the fuck is wrong with you?_

_It's a protective measure. Only you and I know about this. If you let Jason rampage a little while longer, my soul can kill the succubus. You won't have to lift a finger. Once she dies, you can return Jason to normal and blame Ose. Nobody will know the difference, and you'll eliminate a threat from our ranks._

Solomon pauses.

_What do you think of my plan? Brilliant, isn't it? You'll delegitimize Jason as the first commander, kill the succubus, and have a shot at taking over. Don't you find the idea enticing?_

Hope stares at Jason, and Jason stares back. Neither Wordsmith makes a move. From the ground below, Phoebe can only wonder what thoughts are going through their heads.

_Why isn't Jason attacking Belial anymore? Why doesn't Hope make a move?_

Solomon smiles. _My soul recognizes you. He's waiting to see what we'll do. Given the situation, if I were in Jason's body, I would be seeking to cause as much harm to the demons as possible while pushing the blame on Ose. If you want, I can have him give up, while you can act as if you subdued him with your Wordsmithing._

An ominous glint appears in Hope's eyes.

_No. I have a better idea. Can you communicate with your other soul?_

_I can._

Hope smirks. _Good. A wise man once said, 'never let a tragedy go to waste.' Tell your other half to attack me, and don't hold back._

Solomon frowns. _I beg your pardon? What would that accomplish?_

Hope ignores the question.

_Do it._

Solomon sighs. _Haah. Very well. Don't come crying to me when Jason thrashes you._

_I'd like to see him try._

...

Phoebe watches unblinkingly as both Wordsmiths stare each other down. Her husband gazes at Hope from within his metallic armor, while the unarmored Hope simply smirks at him.

_What's happening?_ Phoebe asks herself. _Why haven't they moved a muscle? Is Hope going to stop Jason? I need to say something! If Hope doesn't heal Belial, she'll die!_

Phoebe opens her mouth to speak. "Hope-"

Before she can get her words out, Jason vanishes!

An instant later, Jason reappears before Hope with his fist raised and punches the other Wordsmith with all his strength!

_CRACK!_

A sonic boom explodes from the impact point, sending Hope flying backward. He crashes into the ground, only to perfectly backflip and stick the landing.

"You're not Jason!" Hope bellows. "Get out of his head!"

Phoebe's heart skips a beat. _I knew it! Oh god, if Jason's attacking Hope, that must mean... Ose took over his mind! I have to get Samantha out of here! If both Wordsmiths fight, anything could happen!_

Phoebe wraps both arms underneath Belial's body, then dashes toward the portal.

_Please don't notice me! Please don't notice me!_

She shoots a glance backward just in time to see Hope leap into the sky. He and Jason erupt in an explosive battle of kicks and punches, along with all manner of bizarre magical attacks!

_Thank you, Hope!_ Phoebe says, internally. _You have to stop Jason and get that demon out of his head! Protect Belial! We're counting on you!_

As the Wordsmiths engage in battle, Hope shoots the briefest of glances toward Phoebe's retreating form. His face cracks open in a satisfied grin.

_Good. Now I can go all-out._