Part 483: Chamber of Waiting

After Hope and Amelia make up, the two of them enjoy a raucous night of love-making, complete with giggling, moaning, and all sorts of lewd noises.

The next morning, Hope wakes up feeling a lot better than he has for the past two weeks. Thanks to Amelia's suggestions, a firmer thought begins to take root in his mind.

_I am my own man. I can't just let other people order me around. It's demeaning, and it cheapens my role of being a Wordsmith. If I want to be equal to Jason, I need to be more proactive!_

While Hope is certainly a more brutal incarnation of the original Jason Hiro, capable of fighting and killing without batting an eye, he's also found himself slowly sliding into a subservient role to Neil Adams over the past six years without originally intending to do so.

Hope wakes up and sits on the couch in his living room, thinking to himself while Amelia snores quietly in the bedroom, behind its closed doors. His mind revolves quickly and efficiently, even without Solomon's Crown, as he begins thinking of how easily he's fallen into this role.

_Has Neil been manipulating me?_ Hope wonders. _I was only eighteen when Jason cloned himself. I was emotionally distraught. I was lost and feeling a deep sense of grief. Then I tried cloning Amelia in the aftermath and it nearly threw me into psychosis. Neil was there for me in those hard times... but was he doing it just to be a good man? Or was he doing it because he wanted more power?_

Hope quietly slurps some orange juice out of a wineglass, its sweet tanginess rousing his mind further. As the delicious liquid slaps his senses, his eyes narrow somewhat.

_He did manipulate me._ Hope acknowledges. _But looking back, I can hardly blame him. Neil hates the demons. If I were Jason, I would not sympathize with him, and would think of Neil as a rogue element. A useful ally, but also a threat to my leadership. But Jason is Jason, and I am me. Neil showed me the evils these demons commit, the evils Jason won't acknowledge._

Hope takes another sip, purely on reflex.

_Jason is ignorant. I would have been ignorant too, if Neil hadn't opened my eyes to the truth. In that respect, I can't exactly blame Jason. The problem is, Jason is the Wordsmith humanity acknowledges as their leader, while I go unappreciated. I should be in the running, but I've been sitting pretty for too long, allowing Neil to take the reins. I won't resent Neil for his manipulation, but I can't allow him to keep leading me around by the nose, either._

A few moments pass as Hope begins to remember all the good times he's had with Neil.

He smiles.

_Even if his initial motivations for manipulating me were selfish, the truth is, Neil was there for me when Jason and Phoebe weren't. I love Neil. He's like the father I never had. He hardened my resolve and made me wake up to the cruel reality of this universe. Jason is content with trying to make amends with the demons, but I'm not. Even if there are a few 'good' demons like Belial, the overwhelming majority have human blood on their hands. They're murderers, rapists, slavers, and so much more._

The Wordsmith rubs his chin thoughtfully.

_But... I have to admit. Neil's focus on the demons poses a problem. The Plague is a more distant threat to humanity, but it's also a more existential threat than the demons ever will be. The demons will never be able to kill humanity, because they rely on our souls to evolve. Since Jason has also put the fear of the Heroes in them, the demons won't be making any immediate moves to attack us, either. Plus-one to him, for once. I should start focusing on the real problem humanity faces..._

Hope's expression changes to annoyance.

_Neil won't go for that. He's a smart guy, but his single-minded hatred of demons is a serious weak-point. I'm sure he cares at least a little about the Plague, but he's much more interested in slaughtering the demons. Damn. What am I going to do to convince him to look at the bigger picture?_

In the back of Hope's mind, another voice whispers.

_Why do I need to convince him? Aren't I the Wordsmith? He should ultimately defer to me for the final decision on all subjects._

A few seconds pass. Hope blinks.

_Yeah... that's a good point..._

He glances around the room, frowning at that seemingly random thought that came to him out of nowhere. Until now, he's never truly considered the idea of going against Neil on even the smallest matters.

_Hmm. It's true that Neil should be deferring to me, but we can't afford to split our focus in this critical period. The last thing I want is to throw humanity into chaos. We need to proceed carefully but precisely. In which case, I should definitely try to convince him to see the bigger picture. Unlike Jason, Neil actually has enough intelligence to think about his biases._

Hope swirls the last dregs of his orange juice around, eventually finishing it off in a single gulp. Uttering a Word of Power, he deletes the cup from existence, then stands up and stretches, popping his back. He cracks his neck, then yawns quietly, shaking the last bit of sleep out of his eyes.

Thirty minutes later, Hope exits his residence quietly, allowing his fiance to remain fast asleep. As he leaves, he frowns to himself.

_Amelia said she's been getting restless and bored here. I should try and help her find a purpose. I don't want her feeling claustrophobic. She deserves better.._

He makes his way toward the Artifact Storage, where over nine hundred artifacts still remain, each one a hurdle that will take him a full day to inspect, analyze, and converse with the artifact's owner. The Chamber of Waiting, as Solomon has deemed it, is a luxurious golden room glittering with fancy chandeliers and other gaudy decorations, all placed by Solomon himself. As Hope steps into the room, he thinks to himself about how awful and gaudy Solomon's tastes in interior decoration are.

_This place hurts my eyes, AND my sensibilities._

Hope glances around at the different shelves, altars, and pedestals where various relics rest, each one in a line of sorts, waiting for Hope's inspection. He scratches his head, unsure of which one to pick next. A dozen prominently placed altars of seemingly high importance reside in the center, while forty-seven less prominent pedestals surround them, all of which have artifacts resting on their tops. By comparison, the artifacts plopped on the shelves lining the walls seem far less important. Hope wonders, not for the first time, if Solomon had a deeper purpose behind arranging these specific artifacts in the center of the room...

At that moment, Solomon materializes next to the Wordsmith, projected directly from his Crown, despite not being atop Hope's head.

"You're awake later than I expected." Solomon remarks. "Long night?"

Hope coughs. "Active night."

"Young love is truly beautiful." Solomon says with only a faint smile. "I've been thinking about yesterday. I can tell you've been feeling a bit... frustrated by the breed of Heroes you've conversed with. I suppose sixty 'lesser' Heroes in a row is making you start to think there aren't many truly worthy predecessors in our lineage."

Hope eyes Solomon quietly. "Well. I had a talk with Amelia about that. I'll admit... I've been a bit moody lately. I've realized the issue is more than I'm acting a bit too passively."

"Oh? In what way?" Solomon asks casually.

Hope pauses, deliberating on whether or not he should tell Solomon. However, since he will inevitably put on Solomon's Crown at some point, Solomon will be able to see his memories, so hiding the truth won't do him any favors.

Better to simply come out and say it.

"I feel that you and Neil have been... guiding my actions... a little too strongly." Hope says. "The two of you order me around, and that was fine before as I was content with simply following orders to allow you two to focus on the bigger picture."

Solomon turns to face Hope. He smiles.

"I thought that might be the case. You're a young man who has demonstrated remarkable patience up to now. Frankly, I'd be disappointed if you didn't start wanting to start making plans of your own. A Hero who lacks self-guidance is no Hero at all."

Feeling slightly surprised, Hope blinks twice. "I, uh, I didn't think you'd take it so well."

"What sort of man do you think me to be?" Solomon snorts. "If you want to follow, I will guide you. If you want to lead, then I will follow instead. I am flexible in my thinking."

Solomon chuckles.

"Let me guess. Amelia put these ideas into your head, didn't she? She made you think I've been deliberately manipulating you to pursue my agenda while reducing your autonomy."

Some of the color drains from Hope's face. "Well, I mean-"

"It's fine." Solomon says, waving his hand casually. "I take no offense. Listen, Hope. I have one goal. I been transparent with my intentions. I want to kill the demons. Neil also wants to kill the demons. You yourself seem to want this goal as well, unlike Jason, because you have seen the harm the demons have wrought. If you want to pursue other interests in a primary or secondary matter, that is perfectly acceptable. I've waited 100,000 years for the extinction of demonkind. Another two or three hundred years won't make a difference at this point, and you Wordsmiths are the first truly immortal Heroes, so I'll eventually get my revenge."

"What happens if I decide someday that I don't want to kill the demons?" Hope asks.

Solomon shrugs.

"I have faith you won't make such a decision. But if you do, then it is no matter. There will be others who share my vision. I am nothing if not patient."

"So you'll jump ships again." Hope remarks. "Like you did with Jason."

"You can always melt my Crown to slag if that distresses you." Solomon retorts. "It's not like I can stop you."

Hope clears his throat. "That won't happen. I'm not a friggin' psychopath."

"And neither am I." Solomon says, patting Hope's back.

The two men fall silent for a few moments. Solomon decides to change the subject.

"How about we do something fun today?"

"Fun?" Hope asks, perking up a little. "Like what?"

The tension between both Heroes eases considerably as Solomon guides Hope toward one of the twelve altars in the center of the room. These altars seem far more prominent and important than the pedestals surrounding them, and even more so compared to the artifacts simply plopped on shelves along the walls.

"Heroes can be divided into tiers." Solomon explains. "Such divisions are rather arbitrary. One of my old rivals, Madam Mildred, believed that there were five tiers our predecessors and descendants could be divided into. As for me, I prefer to sort them into three tiers. The arrangement doesn't really matter, but I just want to point out the distinction."

"Why sort them into tiers?" Hope asks, before realizing the implication. "Until now, you've only told me to view the artifacts along the walls. Are you saying..."

"I choose to mentally arrange Heroes by the strength of their Heroic Manifestations." Solomon explains. "The Heroes you've seen until now are considered Unexceptional. The Heroes on these forty-seven pedestals are Exceptional. And the Heroes on these altars, as well as myself, are Legends. Arthur also belongs in this final category."

He pauses to look at Hope.

"Though, compared to your predecessors, I'd say you and Jason belong one additional tier higher. Perhaps you and Arthur should occupy the same position."

"How would Mildred sort the Heroes?" Hope asks curiously.

"Her five tiers are not based upon the physical or spiritual strengths and abilities of a Hero." Solomon explains. "Rather, she looks at their contributions to human history, their feats, their powers and strengths... her approach is more holistic. The issue I take with her organization method is that an Unexceptional Hero in my list can shoot to the top of hers simply by virtue of being a strong political influencer, war general, or business magnate."

"What's the problem with that?" Hope questions.

"It demeans the title of Hero." Solomon says with a frown. "Heroes are Heroes because of our metaphysical power. If we allow the Unexceptional to put themselves at the same ranks as Arthur, then wouldn't that imply non-Heroes lacking any metaphysical powers should also be granted such recognition?"

Solomon shakes his head. He grimaces.

"Heroes should be categorized according to their abilities. I do not deny that many of these Unexceptional Heroes have performed incredible feats simply via political maneuvering, deception, or other ordinary feats, nor that plenty of them had a strong influence on history. But it's simply absurd to grant them a loftier title when ordinary humans could do the same things! Their powers had little to no effect on their feats."

Hope finds himself somewhat unconvinced, but he decides to just shrug and go along with Solomon's ranting.

"Alright, alright. So the Heroes on these twelve altars, their artifacts hold the rank of Legend, at least in your mind?"

"That's right." Solomon says. "I originally intended to first introduce you to all of the Unexceptional Heroes, then the Exceptional, and finally the Legends. But now, I've changed my mind. I'll introduce you to them more at random so you can get a better feeling for who they are, and so you can see the wild contrast in powers and personalities."

Solomon gestures to a cuneiform tablet resting flat atop an altar of clearly Babylonian origin. The altar itself appears rectangular, as if made from several identically-sized building blocks, all seamlessly blended together and painted blue and gold. At a glance, Hope can't tell what material the altar is made of, whether brick, dirt, or stone.

Solomon stops before the artifact. His smile slips as he gazes at it. He heaves a mighty sigh.

"The fellow inside this altar, without a doubt, possesses one of the most powerful abilities among his contemporaries. In a one-on-one battle, I am not certain whether even Arthur could defeat him."

Hope's heart jumps. "What?! But Arthur is supposed to be the most powerful Hero in terms of sheer strength. How strong could this other guy be?"

"This 'other guy' is named Hammurabi." Solomon says tersely. "He reigned in ancient Babylon nearly a thousand years before my birth. In fewer than fifty years, he spread his domain across a vast swath of the Earth. He personally slew three Demon Emperors in his lifetime, and more than a dozen Dukes."

Solomon pauses.

"As for the rest... I'll allow him to tell you himself. But you'll be talking to him alone. Hammurabi and I do not see... eye to eye."

"You two have history?" Hope asks.

"...You could say that." Solomon answers.

After a moment, Solomon's figure vanishes, leaving Hope alone in the Chamber of Waiting. The Wordsmith only looks at Hammurabi's cuneiform tablet for a moment before shrugging and picking it up. He doesn't immediately awaken the Hero within, but instead squints to read the surprisingly tiny, finely-etched writing. It appears to be an ancient foreign language based on hieroglyphs, but beyond that, Hope can't tell much about it.

He could translate the words, but doesn't bother to do so. Instead, he walks out of the room and heads toward a nearby garden where he can sit alone with the person he brings out.

A few minutes later, Hope plunks down in a comfortable outdoor chair inside a grassy garden pagoda, with fake sunlight streaming down from above, then he places Hammurabi's artifact onto a table before him.

"**Awaken. Materialize.**" Hope says.

Instantly, a lofty and majestic man appears on the other side of the table. He pops into existence sitting on the chair opposite Hope, his eyes tightly closed, and his hands pressed together. His fingers sit splayed in some sort of meditative arrangement, and his body remains perfectly still.

Hammurabi, the ancient Babylonian king, does not even seem to breathe. His fantastical blue and purple robes seemingly drip off his body in an endless array of spillover patterns. Hope finds himself comparing Hammurabi's clothing to Solomon, and he finds that both kings have their own manner of decadence. Hammurabi sports a two-foot beard that hangs far down his chin, along with thick, bushy facial hair. Atop his head is a six-inch-tall hat that would almost appear dopey if someone wore it with modern garb, yet which makes Hammurabi appear strangely regal in an inexplicable way.

The Babylonian king remains unmoving. Hope waits for him to react, but Hammurabi continues to sit in silent meditation, as if having failed to recognize the change in his surroundings.

Ten seconds pass.

Twenty.

Thirty...

A full minute passes, with Hope growing increasingly more weirded out by Hammurabi's unmoving state.

_I-is he... dead?_ Hope wonders. _He doesn't seem dead..._

Hope quietly clears his throat. "Ahem."

It takes five long seconds before Hammurabi finally rouses himself.

The muscular man slowly blinks his eyes open. He glances at the world around himself, slowly taking in his surroundings. He seemingly ignores Hope for several long seconds, as if having awoken from a dream.

After fifteen seconds of drinking in the garden's beauty with his eyes, Hammurabi finally looks at Hope.

"Hero? Mmm. Strong aura. Weak soul."

"I am this generation's current Hero." Hope says slowly. "My name is Hope Hiro. I am a Wordsmith."

Hammurabi doesn't reply for several seconds. Hope begins to realize this is a man who is slow to action, and slow to speak.

"Many clues gleaned." Hammurabi says, as he slowly sits up in his chair. "You state that you are this generation's Wordsmith. But you also state that you are only 'a' Wordsmith. This means there are others."

Hope's heart skips a beat. _Damn, he's perceptive._

"Yes." Hope replies. "How are you able to speak English so easily? I thought I'd have to translate your speech like I did for the other Heroes."

Hammurabi's eyes become momentarily unfocused. He squints at Hope, then cocks his head slightly.

"My Law is the Word, and my Word is the Law. I know of many things, past, present, and future. The tongues of the future-speakers are among them."

Hope nods, but he doesn't fully grasp Hammurabi's meaning.

"You're saying...?"

"I sense Solomon's aura." Hammurabi says, ignoring Hope's clumsy probing attempts. He turns his head to the side, looking off toward the distant edge of the garden. "And Arthur. And many, many others."

"This is the Hall of Heroes." Hope explains. "We're not on Earth anymore. In fact... Earth was destroyed 100,000 years ago."

Hammurabi blinks his eyes three times. He turns his attention back to Hope.

"Earth, destroyed. Mmm. I predicted this might happen. Not the demons; the Volgrim. Humanity still has a Hero. They must yet draw breath. What is our current situation? A resistance effort, perhaps? Slave colonies? Freedom fighters?"

"It's... complicated." Hope says. "But if you're willing to listen, I can explain the situation to you bit by bit. We have nothing if not time to talk."

Hammurabi reaches up to stroke his long beard.

"Go on."