Part 395: Psionic Enclave

Aspirator Raavul guides the next group of students to the front of the class. This time, the ones she calls up are Primal Psions, and their numbers greatly exceed the Body Enhancers, with twenty-seven of them in total, consisting of more than a quarter of her entire class.

Hope levitates in the back corner of the room, keeping himself still while postulating different ideas about the structure of the Psion power dynamics. He privately wonders if Psions often choose to become Primals, or if Raavul herself simply enjoys lecturing on this specific branch.

What surprises Hope is that Initiator Y'ill also joins the group of Primals. As the most talented Body Enhancer in the previous group, Hope finds himself baffled she would count herself among the Primals too.

_Is she perhaps a dual specialist or something?_ Hope thinks. _Can Psions learn from multiple branches of Psionics?_

The Wordsmith's Clone isn't too sure how their powers work. Unlike Jason, Hope has never faced Psions in combat, and he doesn't have Solomon around anymore, or Raphael, to answer his questions. He can only ponder these things while he waits.

[Primal Psionics is the most elementary Path.] Raavul says, as she paces before her group of disciples, all of them standing at attention while she delivers her speech. [It is the easiest Path to walk, and the simplest to learn. If one chooses to specialize only in Primal Psionics, it will not be difficult for them to reach the Sixth or even the Seventh Level. Of course, becoming a Specialist means abandoning one's future foundation, so this is rarely advised. However, as per the recent directives passed down from our great Founders, we must focus on single and dual-discipline Psions moving forward, so as to assist the war effort.]

[Because Primal Psionics is easy to learn, some Psions think it must necessarily be one of the weakest disciplines.] Raavul says. [But that is a false notion! If any of you harbor such thoughts, cast them aside now. Primal Psionics, at the highest levels, can collapse worlds into singularities, obliterate cities, and fling moons about as if they were pebbles. It is the simplest and most direct way to wield psionic power through raw telekinesis!]

She turns to face the familiar gold-skinned female at the front of the Primal Psion student group.

[Initiator Y'ill. You are the most senior of your fellow Primal Psions, and the elite of this class. Most First Level disciples simply cannot accommodate two Paths at once, yet you have done so masterfully. Describe to the others the nuances of your chosen Path and why you have opted to become a dual-discipline Psion at such an early stage.]

The student nods. [My path of Primal Psionics has advanced smoothly, Aspirator. I chose to focus on highly condensed, energy-efficient bursts of telekinesis instead of the more common energy-consuming methods. Because my primary Path is focused on endurance, spending my limited energy in wasteful displays of strength would run counter to my goals of becoming a calm and measured warrior. I seek to cause the most destruction with the least wasted effort, as well as to assist my goals of becoming immune to the Plague at the cellular level.]

[Admirable, as always.] The Aspirator says, bobbing her head along lightly to her students words. [Describe to me the manner in which you would use your Primal Energy on the battlefield.]

[Teacher, I believe that outlasting an enemy will always result in winning a real-life battle. The reason we are losing ground to the Plague is because our enemy holds a clear advantage in how they are able to multiply their gains and reduce their losses. A single Plagueborn can bring ruin to an entire world; this allows them to expand at exponential speeds, which will ultimately overrun our defenses.]

She continues. [Similarly, my goal is to condense my psionic might to such a degree that small micro-bursts can tear through the toughest armor and the most solid alloys.]

[Like a railgun projectile.] Initiator Raavul notes, without much interest. [I see.]

She turns away from her student and looks at the image of Founder Dosena on the wall for a few long moments.

[Primal Psionics is the most common branch wielded by our great empire's forces. From the Fifth to Ninth level, the vast majority of Psions use it in some way, and they have all performed countless innovations. Your choice is hardly notable in that several acquaintances of mine have already condensed their Primal Energy in such a manner.]

She stops for a split-second before continuing.

[Nevertheless, I must also point out that Primal Psionics is only your supporting branch. Many aspiring geniuses have attempted to grab for too high of a ledge in their journey, only to stumble and lose their footing. Instead of trying to innovate with your Primal Psionics, you chose a common and ordinary Path, and as such, will not need to devote much mental energy into creating anything new. In this manner, you can focus on innovating your Body Enhancements to the highest possible level.]

[This is an excellent choice!] Raavul concludes, turning to face the rest of her class. [You should all take great care to learn from your senior Initiator! Slacking in your studies and traveling the simplest route is typically not commendable, but when you are already devoting your time to innovating in one Branch, you should not try to do so in another as well. Your Seed can only accommodate so much potential in the early stages of your training.]

She turns back to Initiator Y'ill, who bows her head in gratitude. [I offer my thanks for your words of wisdom, Aspirator. I contemplate, and I comprehend.]

[Do not become complacent.] Raavul warns. [While you have performed admirably so far, pride is the greatest enemy to any aspiring Psion. You may become full of yourself, acting as if you cannot fail. But I assure you! Even the brightest star can exhaust its fuel. And so too can you exhaust your potential if you lose sight of your goals.]

Having finished with her best student, Raavul turns to the second in line.

[Initiator Lufa. Explain to the others what Path you walk, and how you have chosen to manifest it.]

Lufa, a green-skinned Psion with polka-dot patches of black all across his body, bows his head respectfully.

[Many Psions pledge themselves to the Way of War. I have chosen to walk a different Path. I believe that my calling has led me to pursue the most delicate use of my abilities, Total Control. I will use my telekinetic power to shift reality in the smallest of ways. I will pursue the path of science and help the war effort by repairing and maintaining our valuable but delicate technology.]

Raavul frowns. [You speak as if you are a Technopath. Indeed, there are many who seek to amplify their control of telekinesis so they they can manipulate reality delicately, but I've not heard of a self-respecting Psion who pursued matters of technology too greatly. It is not 'Our' task to pursue.]

[I know.] Lufa says, slowly blinking his eyes. [I do wish I were born a Technopath. I admire their pursuit of fleshmelding and steel. Perhaps many may call me an aberrant, but I cannot in good conscience walk a Path I do not believe in.]

The more Lufa talks, the darker his teacher's expression becomes. Hope can practically see the anger on her face.

'_Why can't I have more excellent students like Y'ill?!_' Her face seems to say. '_My class is filled with troublemakers!_'

Still, she keeps her thoughts silent on this matter, merely opting to shake her head. [A focus on technology is not the right path for a Psion. I imagine your journey will fail, and that time will approach much faster than you can fathom. As for your actual focus, improving your control of telekinesis is not such a bad-]

In the middle of Raavul talking, the door to her Enclave suddenly opens up, and a tall, masculine-looking Psion decked out in fancy black-colored Armor walks in, his swagger filled with cockiness and bravado for all to see.

[Aspirator Raavul!] The male booms, his voice significantly louder and more boisterous than hers. [I bring glad tidings! A new student, just for you!]

Raavul, visibly annoyed by the interruption, swivels on her heel to scowl at the intruder. [Educator Norim! Of _course_ it would be you. My classroom already has one hundred Initiators. I have no room for more. Begone!]

The smug prick of a Psion sneers at her, then waves his hands and steps aside, revealing a younger Psion of indeterminate age standing behind him, one with a camouflage-like pattern of red and blue all across his body.

[Do not refuse so hastily! This seedling was 'formed' by none other than Proctor Landis! His name is Ferral, and he is... flawed. Something went wrong during his Osmosis. So, it will be up to you to rehabilitate him. What fortune the Proctor is showing you! It is truly a stroke of luck for you to receive such an opportunity!]

Every word Educator Norim speaks reeks of sarcasm and condescension. Raavul's face turns uglier and uglier as she listens.

[Do not think you can force me to do as you please, _Educator._] Raavul snaps. [My Enclave is full. I will accept no more disciples until one has graduated. Not even a Proctor can flaunt the rules.]

Educator Norim pauses for a moment and frowns. Then, he slaps his forehead, narrowly avoiding poking out his six eyes.

[Oh, how foolish of me! Of course, I forgot to mention the other _item_ on my agenda. One of my students has just graduated, and as such, you and I will be conducting a _Disciple Shift._ It seems I must regretfully accept the burden of taking away one of your students!]

Raavul's yellow skin loses some of its color. She pales as she realizes Norim's true ploy.

[This... this conduct is unacceptable! I will report this to... to the Proctor Panel!]

[Ah, but the shift has already been approved.] Norim says, clearly delighted by the pain on Raavul's face. [Initiator Y'ill! Step forward! You will be transferring into my class!]

Raavul balls her hands into fists as her best student dutifully walks over to Educator Norim's side. She fights back the urge to strike at the Educator in a fit of rage, knowing doing so will only result in a bad outcome. But even so, his loathsome laughter rings in her mind, bouncing around as if to deliberately cause her distress.

[Ha ha ha!] Norim laughs, while clapping his new female student's shoulder. [I suppose I will have to accept this moderately talented Body Enhancer into my Enclave! While she does not stack up to the best of my current students, her talent is adequate. Best of luck with the upcoming Educator Assessment, Aspirator Raavul. I certainly hope your ranking will not prove laughable!]

Aspirator Raavul glances at the new student being thrust upon her. She shakes with rage at this unjust treatment.

Suddenly, as if making up her mind, she takes a step toward Norim. 

Instantly, the Educator's laughter stops.

The Enclave falls silent.

Both Psions gaze at one another with fierce eyes. They flinch and tremble as something unseen occurs.

Hope frowns, unsure of what's happening. Seeing the two Psions standing just five feet apart while they both stare at each other, Hope hasn't the faintest idea what's happening.

After a moment, he decides to take a risk. "**Telepathy.**"

His voice becomes muffled by the stealth magic surrounding him, to the point the students just twenty feet ahead of him don't hear even a whisper in the air.

His mind locks onto the two Psions as he delicately listens and discovers they have changed to a private telepathic dialogue, beaming their thoughts directly into each other's minds.

[-take me for some weakling you can push around!] Raavul roars. Her words aren't merely thoughts, but projections of energy she sends flying into Norim's Mind Realm, attacking him with her words. [I have friends in high places! I will make you pay for stealing my student!]

[Try all you want!] Norim fires back, causing one of Raavul's eyes to tremble. [We may both be Third Rankers, but I have achieved greater success than you! I am a superior Educator who has earned my stripes! There is no fairness, only the glory we earn for ourselves! Perhaps you should have spent more time training your students instead of leaving them to fumble around for several cycles at a time. Then the Proctors might be showing YOU such favor!]

[My teaching method was approved by the Proctor Panel!] Raavul retorts, intensifying her psionic strength as she forces Norim to take a step backward. [You may have performed some 'favors' for Proctor Landis, but he is only one of many! The other Proctors who will punish you for defying the Founder's rules in such a flagrant manner!]

[To support the teacher who raised a Fourth Level student while being only at the Third Level himself, or to support you, a failure of subpar talents... which one do you think the Proctors will truly favor?!] Norim asks, taunting Raavul further. [Give up. You will never advance to the Fifth Level. Your journey will end at the Fourth, and perhaps not even that. If you truly had a warrior's heart, you'd challenge me to a Comprehension of the Sinarii. Not this soft, weak mental sparring even the Second Rankers wouldn't stoop to.]

Finally, Raavul hesitates. Faced with Norim's barely concealed challenge, she stops to think about whether or not she should challenge him.

_Has he reached the Fifth Level of the Sinarii? Or is he still at the Fourth? If I guess wrong, I'll end up humiliated, and he can shuffle our classes around as he pleases. He'll toss me all his worst disciples and take what's left of my remaining decent ones..._

The more she thinks about challenging Norim, the less Raavul wants to do so.

A full minute passes while Raavul's willpower begins to weaken. Norim maintains his haughty expression and even pushes back against her, weakening her determination further.

Ultimately, Raavul takes a step back and ceases her psionic pressure. She turns away, too angry to look him in the eye, and perhaps even a little afraid.

[Hah.] Norim says out loud once again. [So this is all an _Aspirator_ amounts to. Come, Initiator Y'ill. We take our leave.]

The gold-skinned student nods deferentially. Hope quickly realizes the students don't have any agency in the teachers they're placed under, but instead are assigned to them via some unknown group known as the Proctor Panel. Even so, Y'ill doesn't appear too broken-up about this unexpected shift in teachers.

She politely bows to Raavul. [I offer my thanks for your teachings, Aspirator Raavul. I will remember everything you have told me.]

[Go in peace.] Raavul says, turning away in disgust. She doesn't fail to notice a gleam of excitement in her student's eye at the thought of joining Educator Norim's Enclave. Clearly, Y'ill would prefer to train under a 'superior' teacher if she had the choice.

Without another word, Norim turns and strides out of the room with his new prize in tow. Before he leaves, he fires off one last jab.

[Goodbye, Aspirator! I look forward to seeing your results at the Educator Assessment!]

He and Y'ill vanish, leaving Raavul behind with her new student.

The formerly wise-seeming Aspirator now resembles a deflated football. She turns to glance at her sorry group of disciples, all of them vastly inferior to Norim's Enclave, and loses even more of her spirit.

[...What is done, is done.] Raavul says, quietly accepting her lot in life.

She turns to her unwilling new student, someone who clearly isn't excited about being placed in her class either.

[Initiator Ferral. How far along are you in your Path?]

The red-and-blue Psion, Ferral shakes his head. [Proctor Landis formed me, but he was not a good teacher. Not at all! He explained the concepts of Psionics several times, but his words were just a bunch of gibberish!]

[I find that hard to believe.] Raavul says. [Countless great Psions have studied under Proctor Landis before advancing to the Sixth Level. He is a renowned Educator, one who even I wish I could learn from.]

She stares at Ferral's face.

[Norim stated that you were 'flawed.' What was the meaning behind his words?]

[I am not flawed.] Ferral decisively states. [The Proctor merely does not like my... opinions.]

[And what opinions would those be?] Raavul asks.

Ferral crosses his arms over his chest. [...Psionics are awful! So boring! I cannot believe I will have to spend thousands and thousands of cycles just to reach some lauded level of power. What a waste of time!]

[A waste of time?!] Raavul asks, aghast. She steps back from Ferral, as if he were radioactive. [Your words are heresy! There is no greater cause than pledging yourself in service to the Founders!]

[That's right!] One of her students chimes in. [Who do you think you are, implying we who study hard are wasting our time? You really are defective!]

[Lazy Initiator. You will get nowhere in life.] Another student adds.

The young Ferral scoffs at his critics. [I speak no lies. I would much rather go outside and gaze up at the sky than wither away inside these walls. Unfortunately for me, I was formed on this cold, dead, lifeless world. I was not allowed to live life as I pleased, but forced into servitude for 'Founders' I will never meet in all my life. I wish to travel to other worlds and observe their beauty. I don't want to spend my time amassing power for power's sake!]

[We need power to fight back the Plague!] Raavul retorts. [Who are you to call into question the commands of our glorious Founders?]

[Founders, this. Founders, that.] Ferral snorts. [Why do you think we have to fight the Plague anyway? It was our constant expansion that attracted the Plague's attention. Proctor Landis showed me a recording of a speech the First Founder gave in which he told us the Plague is actually a group of aliens from outside our galaxy! They have invaded us because our probes alerted them to our presence! If we were not so greedy and simply learned to love the galaxy we live in, we would not need to train and fight in such destructive wars!]

[Insolence!] Raavul roars. [I will not listen to another word. Take a seat and remain silent!]

[Humph. You fear my words because your allegiance to the Founders was beaten into you over your entire life.] Ferral says. [As for me, I refuse to allow myself to sink below the level of a mud-dweller. I question the laws that govern me, for I had no say in their creation!]

Hope, watching from afar, chuckles to himself.

_Damn. Seems even the Volgrim have hippies. And here I thought they were all just a bunch of stiffs._

Raavul eventually shoves Ferral into a seat, and he shuts up, not bothering to voice his unpopular opinions any longer.

After silencing him, Raavul groans to herself. She takes a moment to collect herself, then turns to face her class.

[...Since Ferral is a brand new Initiate, even if he is unwilling to learn, I am still obligated to conduct a lecture on the basics of training one's Psionic Seed. Ferral, I do not wish to hear your opinions on the nature of our existence. Save your foolish ramblings for some other group of imbeciles. If you have questions pertaining to the lecture, speak up. Otherwise, remain silent. For the rest of you, it never hurts to brush up on your basics, especially as you have not yet reached the Second Level.]

Once again, Raavul assumes a dignified posture, though she appears much more tired than before. As the Primal Psions from earlier return to their seats, she begins to speak.

[Forging a Psionic Seed is not a sprint, but a marathon...]