Part 440: Humanity's Divergence

Jason, Phoebe, and Demila waste no time. The Wordsmith instantly teleports himself and the other two to the opposite side of the Fortress of Retribution. They pop into existence on the northwestern side of the city, not far from the area that leads into the underground training facility. Idly, Jason's thoughts darken as he wonders if Demila has already located the portal, one which is not even hidden all that particularly well, and thus had the chance to step directly into the Cube's confines. Of course, Blinker did say that she and her fairy friends recently built several additional protections into the transfer field, but he can't be entirely sure Demila is incapable of bypassing those restrictions.

When his teleportation concludes, Demila glances around thoughtfully. [Interesting.]

"Hm? What is?" Jason asks.

[Your magic does not operate on any known spatial or temporal mechanics.] Demila observes. [I expected to feel a tugging sensation, in much the same manner we High Psions experience teleportation when we shrink and expand space. But that is not how your Wordsmithing functions. It is much too... flawless.]

She trails off, glancing at the Wordsmith with renewed interest and a gaze that doesn't make him feel particularly comfortable.

"We can talk about that later." Jason says, while gesturing to the walls of the military compound a stone's throw away. "Let's go see Neil."

[Of course.] Demila says, swallowing any further observations.

Phoebe, meanwhile, listens intently to Demila's idle banter but says nothing. Her own mind churns thoughtfully as she thinks about the useful observations Demila may have just made, along with the worry that any additional insight into how Jason's magic works might give the Volgrim more and more of an edge against him.

The very thought lingers uncomfortably in the Wordsmith's wife's mind...

Jason leads the way. He walks up to the two guardsman posted in front of the perimeter gate, each of whom already saw his arrival a minute before, alongside Phoebe and Demila. These soldiers wear faceless T-REXs and loosely hold heavy energy rifles in their grasp. They raise them more guardedly as the trio approaches.

One of the two men turns his head toward Demila suspiciously. "Commander Hiro?"

Jason snorts. "If a 7th-Level Psion wants to have a look around, do you think you can stop her? Feel free to try."

The two soldiers glance at one another. They exchange words through their helmet links, then nod at Jason.

Without another word, the Hero leads his wife and their Psion 'guest' into the military facility. As they cross the threshold, Jason glances at Demila.

"How many times have you been inside here without anyone knowing, I wonder?"

[Your primitive security systems are no match for me.] Demila says without a shred of hesitation. [I go where I please. If that bothers you, feel free to kill me right now.]

Jason rolls his eyes. "I already figured that was the case. But don't go bragging too much about your infiltration capabilities. Especially considering how Hope just bent your entire Empire over in a manner most humiliating..."

That shuts Demila up. She falls silent and looks away, not deigning to reply.

Jason and Phoebe march into the Command Center, the largest dome inside the military complex. To their mild surprise, Neil's assistant, Debra, walks up to them.

"Jason, Phoebe. What brings you to our corner today?"

Debra doesn't mention Demila, but she does give the imposing alien a quick, dismissive glance before returning her attention to the Wordsmith.

"I'm here to see Neil." Jason says blandly. "But I assume you guessed as much already."

"Mmm. Neil happens to have some free time. If you'll follow me, I'll take you to see him." Debra says, pushing her thick glasses up her nose.

The blonde-haired woman turns on her heel and starts to walk away. The others follow behind her.

Jason clears his throat. "Say... how is Annette doing recently?"

"She's quite fine." Debra says, without looking back at him. "Hope treats her well."

"Yeah. I imagine he does..." Jason says quietly.

They walk past dozens of personnel, all of whom can't help but stare at the Psion levitating a few inches off the ground, following behind Jason like a mixture between a god of war and a puppy. As for Demila, she pays their glances little regard, perhaps the same amount a human would if a group of ants were to start watching their movements. The assorted mud-dwellers mean nothing to her.

Debra guides the three into Neil's office. They find humanity's military commander sitting behind his desk in a large, comfortable black executive chair. Neil wears the same blue military uniform as always. He leans heavily back into his chair and swipes absentmindedly across a datapad in his grip.

When Debra enters, it seemingly takes a few moments for Neil to register the arrival of these guests. Even so, when he raises his eyes, he does so in such a slow and lazy manner that even Jason can sense the beginning of his typical mind-games.

"Oh, Jason! Phoebe. And the Volgrim too." Neil says, while gesturing for Debra to leave. She nods at him, then carefully shimmies past Demila out the door.

After Debra leaves, Neil smiles perfunctorily. "What a pleasant surprise, seeing the three of you. To what do I owe this visit?"

Demila lifts her chin. [Your mental shield has been recently reinforced. The magical signature does not match the First Wordsmith's energy...]

"Ah. Is that so?" Neil asks innocently. "Forgive me. I'm quite spiritually dull. I didn't realize I had obtained such a useful security feature out of the blue. I wonder where it came from?"

Jason groans loudly while rolling his eyes. "Fuck off, Neil. I know you know what happened with Hope. He destroyed a planet and killed forty fucking billion Volgrim. Now he has Excalibur, Solomon's Crown, and the Domin-"

"He does?" Neil interrupts, with a puzzled expression. "Well, that's great news for humanity! I can't wait for you to tell me more about it."

The man smiles in a manner so sickeningly smug it makes Jason want to immediately blast him with holy energy. Fortunately, Fiona manages to quickly talk some sense into Jason. He forces himself to remain neutral.

"Always with the word-games, Neil." Jason says. "Are you going to sit there and play stupid all day? Or can we act like adults for once?"

Neil's sickeningly smug smile vanishes. With a shrug of his shoulders, he tosses the data pad onto his desk, leans forward, and rests his elbow on its mahogany surface.

"Why are you in such a bad mood, Jason? I can never get a read on you. This is simply wonderful news! Now humanity possesses the power to ensure the Volgrim can never again threaten us. As for a few tens of billions of dead... so what? Humanity has lost just as many to the Volgrim's evil ways. Hope has merely... balanced the scales."

Demila's expression becomes stern. [Lives lost during a war are not the same as those taken by a power-hungry madman. Do you intend to make an enemy of the Volgrim Empire?]

Neil's eyebrows elevate. His voice drops an octave. "So what if I do? Shall you flex your proverbial muscles and obliterate Tarus II? Don't come at me with that self-serving bullshit, Psion. You no longer possess the strength to challenge me, let alone my prodigious pupil."

The Creator's eye twitches, but she doesn't retort. She merely glances at the back of Jason's head, standing in front of her.

Jason, for his part, releases a breath.

"What's the game plan, then, Neil? Obviously, Hope has become far more powerful than me. Is he going to seize power? I'm sure you're feeling pretty good about yourself right about now."

Neil tosses his hands up in a helpless manner. "What can I say? I backed the right horse. You've always been something of a manchild, throwing tantrums about the little girl you lost. The child you killed through your own inaction, I mean. Comparatively, Hope has recognized the Truths of our reality and taken steps to prevent such heartbreak. Had you simply listened to my warnings early on, we could have taken more aggressive and proactive measures against the demons. They never would have been able to invade Tarus II. Stormbringer would not have happened. That adorable girl would still be scampering about, laughing and calling you 'daddy.'"

Neil mercilessly mentions Daisy several times in a row, impaling verbal lances directly into Jason's heart. The Wordsmith's eyes twitch in pain, but he forces himself to remain composed.

"...Are you done?" Jason asks, biting off the last word. "I don't need you to tell me how I failed. I already know."

"We get it, Neil." Phoebe says, crossing her arms. "You feel like you've won. You think killing all of the demons is the right move to make. You also know that I don't even disagree with you. But fundamentally, this is a question about the sort of people we _want_ to be. Now that Hope possesses Excalibur, killing the demons should be quite simple, yes? But do you really want to walk down that road? Are you doing this purely for logical reasons... or are you still bitter over your _wife and children_?"

In exactly the same way Neil verbally stabbed Jason, Phoebe fires right back at him. Having become entranced during the time of Napoleon's era, Neil fell into Bahamut's clutches and became separated from his family, ultimately losing them to the passage of time. Phoebe digs into this mental barb, making him lose a bit of his composure.

"And so what if I did?!" Neil snaps back. "You've lost a little girl! I've lost my family! We both lost people precious to us because of these worthless fucking bloodskins! Yet still... STILL you defend their so-called right to exist!"

Neil rises from his chair, far angrier than Jason or Phoebe has ever seen him before.

"You should both be ashamed of yourselves!" Neil barks. "I had no ability to protect myself from that damned Bahamut, all those millennia ago. But you were more than capable of saving millions of lives and you DIDN'T! I am doing what must be done! I am going to kill every single demon in existence!"

[There is a greater war to be fought.] Demila interjects. [Your personal hatred of the demons is likely to result in your loss to the Kolvaxians.]

"You think I'm not aware of that possibility?!" Neil exclaims. "I am! I know full well the horror of the monsters your kind dragged to the Milky Way through whatever probing efforts you wasted in some other galaxy. But that does not matter! The demons are evil and must die! Forget your philosophical pandering, your warnings about the 'greater good.' Once the demons are dead, my boy will go out there and obliterate the Plague as well. And if he fails? So what? He will create an impenetrable kingdom in a hole in space where the Plague cannot reach us!"

Neil slaps his chest hard enough to make a _thwap_ noise.

"You Volgrim overplayed your hands! Now it's time for humanity to rise. You can fade into the dustbin of history for all I care. You no longer have any way of stopping our rise."

[We may not have a reason to stop you,] Demila says calmly, [but do not take that to mean that we have no _methods_.]

Jason frowns at the threat implied by her words, but otherwise doesn't address it.

"Look, Neil. I understand. You lost your family. You blame the demons. I could do the same with regards to Daisy, but I don't. Not as much as I probably should, anyway. But don't you want to... to... improve humanity's outlook? To rise above the pettiness and evil of the past? Just because the demons have killed billions, and just because you now possess the power to return that evil back unto them... does that mean you _should?_ You're a man of God, yes? What does the Bible say about an eye for an eye? It only leaves both parties blind."

Neil snorts. "You speak of the Creator as if you care at all for His will. At the same time, you take the side of a Psion who dares to take the Creator's title for herself. A presumptuous concept, if I don't say so myself."

The military commander walks around the side of his desk. He folds his arms behind his back, puffs out his chest, and regains his previous air of regal aloofness while approaching Jason.

"I'm not interested in 'being better' than the demons, the Volgrim, or even the Plague. I'm going to _win_. If you want to stop me, just flap those lips of yours and erase me from existence. Otherwise, we can move on to the more important reason you came here."

Jason drags his teeth against his lower lip. He resists the urge to do just as Neil suggests, knowing it will only piss Hope off, as well as betray his own convictions.

"We're not enemies, Neil. We both want humanity to prosper. I say it's about time we considered a split."

Neil sneers. "A split? Yes, what a great idea. You take fifty percent of the people, and I take the other half. We raise humanity in our own way. Then we'll see who truly reigns supreme."

"Not fifty percent." Jason says quietly. "These are our friends and comrades, Neil. Not pawns on a chessboard. We'll let everyone decide which side they want to join. If all of them join you, or all join me, the other should not protest. Two weeks from now, we will present our cases to the public. Then, everyone can choose the side they'd prefer to follow."

Neil's cocky expression fades, ever so slightly. In its place, a slightly more empathetic look appears.

"Alright. Are you prepared for disappointment? What if everyone does choose to join my side? I'd hate to see you heartbroken."

Phoebe interjects. "Let's not force people to make a permanent choice, Neil. Be reasonable. There's no reason our two societies can't allow for cross-trade, for peaceful negotiations, and so on. Immigration between each realm, families visiting across our borders... these should be on the table."

Jason nods. "Furthermore... you will take your people to Maiura. It's already you and Hope's chosen homeworld. You can build up whatever fortifications, structures, and defenses you need with ease now that he has essentially unlimited mana and Solomon's Crown. But I am the one who took charge in building Tarus II. This is my homeworld, and I will retain control of it... along with its moon and _other_ outliers."

"Hmph. You're evicting me." Neil chuckles. "Hope could obliterate you now with ease, and you actually think you have any right to order me off-world? But fine. You can have your way. There are far too many bloodskins entrenched here for my liking. At least on Maiura, we've taken care not to let them infiltrate our ranks. It will be a secure world where people won't have to fear any attacks by our future enemies..."

Jason exhales quietly. "I really pray that you will set aside your violent ways, Neil. I don't know what your wife and kids were like, but would they think less of you if they knew you were using their deaths to pursue a path of bloodshed? I know my daughter would have wanted me to make friends with everyone. It's part of why I walk the path I do."

"Don't condescend to me." Neil says mildly. "You killed millions of demons at the end of Stormbringer. You're not some paragon of virtue. You're a hypocrite led by the same grudges and hatred as me. Unlike me, however, you've chosen not to take your deserved anger to its logical limit. You let the demons walk all over you because your feeling of moral superiority is more important than protecting the people you love."

Neil's eyes shift to Phoebe.

"It's too bad you stayed with this fool, Phoebe. He's going to be the death of you someday. Hope would have made for a far superior husband."

"I don't appreciate your insults toward Jason." Phoebe says, wrapping her arm around his. "I stick by him because I love him. As for Hope... it isn't as if I don't feel that same love for him too. I'm just disappointed in the choices he's made."

"He makes those choices because he has the clarity of mind to do what must be done." Neil concludes, turning away to return to his chair. He plops down in it heavily, then leans back and sneers at the trio. "Now begone. I'll start making plans for our split. I just hope you're ready for one of the worst disappointments of your life."

"You seem confident about convincing humanity to join your cause." Jason observes. "But confidence alone does not sway nations. I look forward to an amicable split, Neil."

Neil makes a flippant motion with his hand. "I have work to do now. Thanks for visiting."

"Mmm." Jason grunts.

He and Phoebe turn and exit the room.

Demila begins to follow after them. But as they start to leave, she turns her attention toward humanity's military commander.

[Founder Unarin wishes to speak to you.] Demila transmits in secret to Neil. [He finds you to be an interesting human. If you decide to pay him a visit, your safety will be guaranteed.]

[I'm not worried about my safety.] Neil thinks back, allowing Demila to read his surface thoughts. [Killing me would be the last mistake your decrepit Empire ever makes...]

[So you say.] She concludes.

After Jason, Phoebe, and Demila leave, they travel a short distance south of the military base, ultimately stopping to discuss their chat with Neil.

[Neil Adams made many interesting observations.] Demila says to the two humans casually. [His desire to kill the demons is petty, rooted in ignorance. But do not worry too much about those violent ambitions of his.]

Jason scowls. "Why shouldn't I? He's going to undo everything I've worked so hard to accomplish. All my efforts toward peace..."

Demila's eyes curve upward in a Volgrim-like 'smile.' She leans toward the Wordsmith, while a vicious expression flickers across her face.

[Do you think the demons will be helpless before your clone's might? Do you think the might of Excalibur makes him... invincible? Can you even comprehend the frightening power possessed by the First Emperor?]

Jason's heart skips a beat. "The First-?!"

[The demons are weak, yes.] Demila interrupts. [Even compared to the you of now, they cannot match your power. But... I can say with absolute certainty... if you were to strike at them with the intent to erase their species... the First Emperor would appear. And in that moment, you would know _despair_.]

Jason's skin turns cold to the touch. He senses not only the warning in Demila's mental tone, but a hint of genuine fear.

"He's... really that powerful?"

[I am not entirely certain.] Demila replies. [But when the demons rose up to rebel against my people, some thousand cycles after the conclusion of the Energy Wars... we thought to eradicate them, only to meet the unyielding wall known as their First Emperor.]

She slowly leans back.

[None know his true identity. None know when he arose, or what method he used to achieve his power. Some thought he was the second coming of the fallen Emperor, Satan. Others believe he may be a primordial life-form, disguising himself as a demon. Your recent discussions with Unarin have even led us to wonder if he might be an ancient Titan, a Dragon, or... something else.]

"What if he _is_ just a demon?" Jason asks. "Wouldn't that mean...?"

[If he is indeed a true-blooded demon, then he has broken past the barrier placed upon him by the angels. He has reached the level of Demon Deity. But compared to that False Deity, Wolfram... the First Emperor surely stands an epoch higher. That is why we are not so certain he is a demon at all.]

Jason glances at Phoebe. His wife shrugs helplessly, while offering a wry smile.

"Let's just pray it doesn't come down to mass bloodshed." Phoebe says.

The Hero and his wife thank Demila for her timely warning. The Psion 'Creator' steps through a gap in space and vanishes, traveling to some unknown location by herself.

Jason and Phoebe turn and start walking south, toward the residential suburbs that have sprung up between Tarus II's main city and the Warpgate complex. As they walk, they talk about many things.

"-Fortress of Retribution." Jason says. "It could really use a softer name. I named it that during my fit of rage, but now... I want to pursue a different path. Especially with all this Hope business."

Phoebe sighs. "Hope can essentially do as he pleases now. You can't stop him. Neither can I. He's filled with so much hatred, Jason."

"He killed forty billion Volgrim." Jason says quietly. "Is that what I'll become? A genocidal mass-murderer? I already did it once. I don't have the right to criticize him when I'm such a hypocrite myself."

Phoebe rubs her husband's back to try and lift his spirits. "You can't think like that. You made a mistake in the heat of the moment. And frankly, the demons... they deserved to die. How many humans did they kill during Stormbringer? But what Hope did was indiscriminate. Horrifying. It's ten levels beyond-"

Abruptly, Phoebe pauses mid-sentence when she sees a random woman walking directly toward her and Jason. Her unexpected pause causes Jason to blink his eyes and refocus on his surroundings. He notices the woman approaching only half a beat after his wife did.

"Jason Hiro." The brown-haired woman says. "Marie Becker has learned of the recent happenings caused by your clone. She wishes to speak to you as soon as possible."

The Wordsmith blinks in surprise. "Rebecca? What are you doing- how did you get here?"

As if unamused by the stupidity of his question, the pretty young brunette flippantly gestures behind herself, to the west. "I used the Warpgate, of course."

"Rebecca?" Phoebe asks. "Who is she, Jason?"

The Wordsmith awkwardly rubs his head.

"She's, uh, Marie Becker's assistant. One of the people working under her."

He turns his attention to Rebecca.

"Why does Marie want to see me? Not that I don't wish to speak to her, but I have some pressing matters that have fallen on my figurative plate, as you can imagine."

"Oh, we're quite aware." Rebecca says, while smiling. "But she wanted me to speak a single word to you. She said you would understand the... implication."

Jason cocks his head. "Huh. A single word? And what would that be?"

Rebecca lowers her voice and takes a step toward the couple.

Under her breath, she whispers...

"_Mildred._"