Part 029: Return Of The Monster

_A few weeks later._

The specialized computer console before me illuminates its words with heatmapping instead of visible light. Thanks to my infrared vision, I can now make out the letters and shapes onscreen. From what others have told me, all they can see is a white screen. Talk about the ultimate privacy filter...

My goal today is to create new technology blueprints for a machine I built two weeks ago; a Star Trek-style replicator.

Capable of transforming raw electrical energy into objects with mass, the machine is a feat of engineering previously well beyond my reach. The only reason I was able to create it was thanks to the mental acuity the Crown granted me. Of all the things I've owned in my life, nothing comes anywhere close to Solomon's Crown.

The Crown fills in the details in my mind as I build the thirteenth blueprint: an energy rifle. I rapidly type on the Braille keyboard using senses that I've enhanced with my Wordsmithing, and the replicator accepts my inputs once I finish.

The stress on my mind is much worse than when I Wordsmith, but at the same time, the replicator does all the work once I've input my specifications. I built this system so that I could create new tools, armor, and weapons for humanity without having to worry about my spiritual energy levels. Makoto seems to approve, and I know the military is grateful for faster production options.

Still, even with a fusion reactor, it takes a while to replicate new objects. I'll build massive replicators later for tanks and vehicles, but my head hurts thinking about all the mental strain that'll entail.

A slight dizzy spell grabs me as I lean away from the computer. Hans Wagner notices, and he walks over to check on me.

"You are done vith zee blueprint, Mein Lieber?"

I mop my forehead wearily. "Y-yeah. Something like that. You can start synthesizing energy rifles whenever you feel like it."

Hans nods. "Once vee have finished zee personal shield from zee last batch, I vill begin making zee energy rifles. However, I think you should take a break. Your complexion is looking quite ghastly."

"You think so? Maybe you're onto something." I glance down at my hand and notice it's trembling. _Taxing my brain has a bunch of side effects on my whole body. Good to know._

"Oh, oh, no." Hans squints to stare at my face for a moment, then pulls out a handkerchief from his shirt pocket. "Ah, Herr Hiro, zees is for zee nose."

"Nose?" I echo his words, then feel wetness on my lips. Taking the handkerchief, I dab at my nostrils and realize they're bleeding slightly. "Shit. Sorry, this is a little embarrassing. I'll magic you up a new one so that you don't have to wash the blood out of this."

Hans shakes his head. "Nein, zere is no need. Take zee day off. You've been slaving avay day and night! Nobody vants to see you in a coma again."

"Oh, alright. Thanks."

Nodding, I stagger to my feet and stumble through the factory. Not many people work here, and those who do typically help transfer replicated items to other divisions and areas — maybe two dozen staff in total.

Hans's assistant stops when she sees me. "Are you alright, Commander Hiro? You look like you're having trouble walking."

"I'm fine, Debra. I just need some fresh air. Have you seen Phoebe?"

"Miss Berthold? Last I heard she was visiting the Core to discuss our next incursion. She should be back within the hour."

"That's what I wanted to hear. Thanks."

"Anytime, Commander."

She hesitates for a moment before walking away, and I smile to myself about nothing in particular. I technically lead humanity, and everyone knows I'm the Hero who saved them from Bahamut, but I don't have an official title. Phoebe calls me 'Your Grace,' though she's growing out of the habit slowly, while Neil Adams calls me 'My Liege,' and others call me 'Commander.' I really ought to determine military rankings at some point.

Rows of machinery, including a line of sewing machines and a mechanic shop, spread out across the building, their whirrs and clicks telling tales of people and monsters crafting and fixing things for the general population. The door outside radiates warmth as the early Fall sun beams down on the lands.

When I step through, a current of air breathes down my neck, its temperature lower than the glaring daylight implies it should be. Winter is coming; it seems. The shiver down my back wakes me up, and my stupor vanishes. _I guess I really did need a breath of fresh air. Go figure._

The Factory, or the Rust Bucket as some call it, sits about half a mile north of the palace. Even further north, over the ridge and down in the canyon below, Tarus II's forest stretches out for a few miles before eventually arriving at the warpgate installation.

Lately, Kar has raised concerns about the potential for demons to use Warpers and teleport into Hero City, thus attacking us at the heart of our infrastructure. He's right, of course. I take concerns about security earnestly and am debating deploying mechanized troops for day and night surveillance. With the threat of snow and the bitter cold encroaching on our doorstep, I'm worried about not only a demon invasion, but also about leaving troops out in the freezing weather.

If only I could look into the future, my life would be so much easier. Maybe I should see if Wordsmithing can bypass the boundary of time. 

_That's a scary thought. The last thing I'd want is to create paradoxes and tear apart the universe by accident._

Messing with time is a recipe for disaster. Marty Mcfly taught me that much.

Minutes pass as I pace down the street, inhaling deeply and kicking my legs out with more effort than usual. I try and shake some life into them, but my actions don't accomplish much. Sitting on a chair for hours is uncomfortable, no matter how much padding I slap down. I am not the office-drone type.

By the time I enter the palace, walk down the lobby and pass several people, I'm about ready to go back to work and start on another blueprint. Such is the curse of a lazy workaholic.

I arrive in front of my room. Once I open the door, my spherical vision illuminates the inside and- uh...

Phoebe lies on my bed, conked out, breathing silently. Her boots are still on, and she hasn't changed into her night-time clothes yet. Her room is right next to mine, so she must have mixed them up. This isn't the first time, and I won't complain.

I kick my shoes off but catch them with telekinesis before they _thud_ onto the ground. Once that's done, I set the Crown on my dresser and silently glide over, ease onto my bed, and lay down beside Phoebe to rest my eyes for a moment. I know from experience that my pupils are like miniature flashlights, and on more than a few occasions, I've startled her when she saw my eyes in the darkness.

Feeling the bed move makes Phoebe's breath catch for a moment. She blinks her eyes open and yawns. "Jason?"

"Yeah. Hi."

"Oh. Sorry. I ended up in your room again." She grips the covers and pulls herself closer to me, then flops an arm and a leg across my body. "I hope you aren't mad."

"Exactly the opposite," I murmur, before leaning over and kissing her forehead. "As soon as you stop stalling and marry me, we can do this all the time."

She rubs her nose on my side to itch it, then lolls her head back. "I can't do that. We've barely been together a few months. We have to take things slowly. Besides, there are all these preparations to attend to..."

"Excuses, excuses." I poke her gently in the ribs. "You know, if we did things the way people did in my time, marriage wouldn't even be necessary."

"Not necessary? For shame. Marriage is a sacred vow, Your Grace."

"You're still calling me that?"

"Oops." Phoebe pulls away from me and adjusts her shirt. "Sorry. It's been a long day. Adams received more requests from low-level imps to join our society, along with some Gargoyles, a Succubus, two Sirens, and another Minotaur. None of them appear to be double agents, but you know what Kar says..."

"It only takes one," I say, finishing the sentence for her. "Right. Well, worst case scenario, we-"

Before I can continue, the phone beside me rings, making me damn near jump out of my skin. "Son of a bitch!"

Phoebe plays it cool, but I can tell she was a little startled too. "Want me to get it, or is the big strong man scared of some ringing?"

"I got it, I got it," I reply, before grabbing the phone. "Yeah?"

"Hurgh. Turtle, I hope I am not disturbing you. Gearhead said you had gone home for the day, but this is somewhat important."

_Gearhead? Oh, right, he means Hans,_ I think to myself. Sometimes Kar's nicknames can get a little confusing. "I was thinking of taking a nap, but if you need me, I can pop over for a visit."

Kar clears his throat. "Hurgh. Blinker has returned, along with two demons. You might have forgotten, but I sent her off a couple of weeks ago to-"

"No, no, I remember. Yeah, I'll drop by. Have they said anything?"

I can almost hear Kar shake his head. "Nay. I haven't yet spoken to them about the Black Witch. If you'd like, I can ask them before you hang up."

"Not necessary. I'll be right over." Without saying 'goodbye,' I click the phone down and sigh. "Alright, I'll be back in a bit."

Phoebe rubs her eyes. "Was that Kar or Neil?"

"Kar. He wanted to know how my day was going and if he could set me up on a date with a cute redhead from accounting."

Phoebe slugs me. "Ass."

I smirk. "Kidding! Blinker brought some friends back from the Labyrinth. I'm going to head over there and ask them about Roland's world."

"Oh! Well, that's... wonderful news." 

Despite her positive words, Phoebe's expression stays neutral. I can make it out even with total darkness in the room.

"Problem?"

"No, no." She pulls herself into a sitting position, and I mimic her movements. Phoebe inhales audibly. "It's just that once again, you're about to face off against that monstrous little girl. After what she did to you... you're still too kind. I know you haven't the heart to kill her."

_Oh man... not this talk._

I pull away and sweep my legs off the side of the bed. "I'm a Wordsmith, Phoebe. I have a trillion different ways to handle any situation. I can freeze Amelia in carbonite or something. Violence isn't the only answer."

Phoebe crosses her arms. "Amelia slaughtered Roland's entire homeworld, Jason. All the humans, animals, and plant-life died because of her. She deserves the worst end possible."

"The guillotine?"

"Basically."

I exhale and climb off the bed. "I'll worry about Amelia when the time comes. I don't agree with capital punishment, morally, at least. It doesn't sit right with me. I believe in rehabilitation and redemption, where possible."

Phoebe jumps to her feet. "That's always your reply. If you'll excuse my impudence, I'll come with you and hear what she's been up to."

"Sounds good. Want me to drive?"

Phoebe pulls her socks and boots on. "No, I'll drive. I'll even take it easy since you're all tuckered out."

"Pff. You were snoring like an avalanche when I showed up."

"N-no I wasn't!" Phoebe gawks at me in the dark, then fumbles around. "Can you turn on the lights? I can't find my other boot."

"Sure."

---

Twenty minutes later, we cruise down the road, and the engine silently hums as the trees glide past us on the left and right. Phoebe, ever the kind soul, hitched a trailer full of supplies and weapons for the Core to her truck. Using it instead of my Ferrari was a good idea.

She hums along to some tune in her head and taps on the wheel. After a few minutes, she asks, "Say, Jason, your Crown allows you to make blueprints for the replicator, right?"

"Mhm." I touch the Crown, self-consciously checking to make sure I'm still wearing it.

"Well, I was thinking.... why not let someone else use the Crown to make blueprints? Then you wouldn't be cooped up in the Rust Bucket all day. You could use your Wordsmithing to make other items or do other things instead."

"Uhh... I don't know about that." My gut squeezes together reflexively. "The Crown is an ancient artifact. It can't be taken off someone's head unless they consent or die. Hell, even when I was comatose, you couldn't take the Crown off, remember? I had a terrible rash after my recovery."

Phoebe nods. "Okay, I understand. Giving it to Hans would be a bad idea, then?"

I chuckle. "Heh, yeah. To say the least. I mean, the guy used to be a Nazi."

"A Not-see? I think you mentioned it once. Oh! When you first met him!"

I fold my arms together. "Yeah. There's a bit of history involved, and it's kinda lengthy. Let's just say the Nazis gave Amelia a run for her money when it came to the business of exterminating human life."

Phoebe's expression darkens, and she turns to stare at me. "What? You can't be serious!"

"Eyes on the road, sweetheart. And yes, I am. They rounded up millions of humans of a different nationality and exterminated them en-masse. It was brutal. Most people didn't find out until a decade had passed."

She cocks her head. "What is 'a different nationality?'"

"Well, uh, think of King Arthur. Surely he had enemies from other nations?"

"The Saxons, yes."

"Alright. Well, imagine that after capturing hundreds of Saxon prisoners, he then suffocated them all, one by one, including their wives and children."

"Oh." Phoebe relaxes slightly. "That doesn't sound as bad as I was expecting."

"What?!" I nearly break my neck swiveling to gape at her.

She looks at me quizzically before turning back to the road. "Well, if you're at war, then killing your enemies is only natural. If you keep them as prisoners, you'll have to feed and keep them alive, and then you'll have to worry about revolts... at least, that was the case for Arthur."

"Okay, that's a fair point, but the difference is that the Nazis killed people who lived among them peacefully. It would be as if Arthur declared that all people with a different eye color were heretics. Do you see the difference?"

A flash of recognition appears in Phoebe's eyes. "Yes, I understand how that could be disconcerting."

"To say the least," I mutter. "Sometimes you worry me, Phoebe. You can be gentle, yet vicious and cold-hearted at the same time."

"I would argue that I'm merely pragmatic," Phoebe replies, while tugging a stray hair into place behind her ear. "You can't save everyone. Sometimes you have to let someone die to save another life, or give up on idealism and finish off your mortal enemy. War is messy, and pragmatists tend to win, not idealists."

I let silence fill the air for a few moments. "So, which was King Arthur? An idealist, or a pragmatist?"

Phoebe shakes her head. "Neither. He was a Hero. Thus, he did what was needed. I wavered, not him."

Her eyes blank out for a moment. "I should have atoned instead of fleeing and falling into Bahamut's trap."

"Then we wouldn't have met," I counter. "I thought you believed in fate, destiny, and all that other mushy stuff?"

Pursing her lips, Phoebe forces a smile. "That's a good point, Jason."

In the distance, the warp-gate comes into view. I lean back in my seat. "Anyway, going back to the original topic, I wouldn't give the Crown away unless it was to someone completely trustworthy. Like you."

"Me?" She cocks an eyebrow. "What would I do with it?"

"Make blueprints for the replicator. Stuff like that. It's not a bad idea. I'd rather you have the Crown than Hans."

Phoebe doesn't reply for nearly a full minute. The gears turn in her head. "I'm not good at creativity, Jason. You come from hundreds of years after me. You can easily think up crazy inventions, but that isn't my forte. Besides, what if I go power-hungry and decide to keep the Crown? You'll have to kill me to get it back."

I snort. "Pfft. Like that'll happen. I'll seduce you into taking it off."

"Just the crown?"

"Maybe a few other things, too."

She winks at me. "Your mind is always in the pig trough."

"Yeah. Anyway, the Crown does all the work. All you need is to think of a problem, like making a weapon that can cut through steel, and the Crown will help you design something suitable. A vivid imagination helps, but you'll do fine."

Phoebe sighs. "I was only suggesting it, but you're acting as if you've already made up your mind. Don't tell me this is all so you can get out of working at the Rust Bucket."

I cross my arms. "I'd be lying if I said that wasn't a part of it."

Phoebe slugs me in the shoulder. "Ass!"

I smile. "Kidding."

Phoebe reminds me of Amelia sometimes. The two of them aren't as different as they think.

...

Minutes later, we arrive at the warp-gate, and thanks to a vehicle access ramp I constructed, along with enlarging the portal somewhat, I've made it possible for her to drive her supplies straight into the Core.

We pass through the gate, and several monsters quickly shimmy out of the way as Phoebe drives down into the arena below. She slows the truck to a stop. "Special delivery from the Berthold Trucking Company!"

Several orcs walk up to the truck. "Ready to work! Something need doing?"

Phoebe hops out of the driver's side and jerks a thumb to the trailer hitched to the back. "Haul the food and weapons where they're needed."

"Be happy to!" The orcs amble to the back of the rig and start unloading. 

Phoebe slams her door shut. She and I walk over to Kar, who I've already spotted. His giant blue form stands out in a crowd. A flicker of heat flits around him, revealing Blinker's presence.

"Kar! Sorry it took me a little while to get here."

I grin at Kar, but he doesn't return the smile. "Ah, Turtle, there you are. I have... bad news."

I stop and stare at him. The look on his face, though hard to make out thanks to his cold blood, is rather ominous. "And that would be?"

"We haven't told Roland yet." Kar gestures to two demons in front of him. "These two are Hernox and Fernox. Go on, tell him."

I examine the demons. They appear to be Scythers; demons who have two massive swords for arms. Their blades are sharp enough to slice through steel. While not the most intelligent Variants, they're great at tearing through the frontline of an enemy army.

The first one, I think Hernox, raises a sharpened limb. "I already told the green-skin what I know. The Council destroyed the Black Queen's hideout. The whole planet."

My jaw drops. "What?! When- no, _how_ did they manage that?"

"We cannot say. All we know is that the planet is gone. They destroyed it entirely."

Phoebe's expression is numb. "Incredible. How... how could anyone..."

A realization dawns on me. "Amelia may have been on the planet. She might be dead."

Fernox leans forward, his beard spilling past his staff. "Rumor has it that there was an awe-inspiring battle. Emperor Diablo sent out his three mightiest Dukes to duel the Black Queen, but alas, she was the victor."

Hernox continues from his brother's words. "Agares, the Duke of Reptiles, died. Barbatos, the Duke of Steel, suffered gruesome wounds. Only Mephisto, the Duke of Mist, was able to escape unscathed. His ghost-form allowed him to evade her attacks."

"Jesus Christ," I cough out painfully. "Amelia battled _three_ Demon Dukes and won? That doesn't sound like the Amelia I know."

Kar clasps his claws together thoughtfully. "The Frilled One consumed a world of human souls. Her power may be greater than that of the Emperors."

Fernox shakes his head. "The Emperors sealed her planet from accessing the Labyrinth and destroyed it. Those are the rumors whispering throughout the gambling dens of late. She is long dead."

It takes me a moment to gather my wits. "Maybe. Let's find out. **Locate.**"

The Scythers stare at me silently for a moment before my eyes seemingly tear from my skull and fly into the sky, then race through a void of blackness. Faster than I've ever traveled before, images of monsters, demons, humans, and far more zip past me as I speed through the Labyrinth. Walls and ceilings don't impede me, and eventually, my eyes slow to a crawl. A portal appears in an unmarked corridor.

Passing through the portal, I appear on the surface of an unknown world. The sun beats down, warming an ocean as it gently washes against a sandy beach. My eyes fly away, over a mountain, through trees, past villages made of wood and straw, and into a clearing where I eventually screech to a stop in front of a familiar face.

Amelia.

I swallow involuntarily. 

The child I knew several months ago is gone. She is a fully-grown woman now, one with long white legs, flowing black hair, cherry-red lips, and a torn blue sundress clinging to her skin. The dress is far too small for her, revealing dips and curves where it should hang loose. I smile wryly, realizing that my eyes work. Locate gives me my vision back temporarily.

Seeing her is torture.

She's so beautiful, sensual, in a way that Phoebe isn't. Phoebe's purity is the exact opposite of Amelia's violent sexuality. If Phoebe is the light, then Amelia is the darkness.

Amelia stomps forward and frowns. "Oh, come on! I'll get new clothes later!"

The sword at her side, Dellfingler, chirps happily, "Why wear anything at all? Run free! Clothes are suffocating! Trust me; I'm a sword!"

She swats the weapon. "Idiot! Pervert! You're worse than Jason!"

Hearing her say my name makes my heart catch. I quickly pull away, flying back through the aether to return to my body.

Amelia isn't sexual. She isn't enticing. I can't be a guy... not this time.

She's a monster. I have to kill her.

However, I don't have to like the idea.

Suddenly, I'm back in my body. I stumble slightly and inhale. "She's alive!"

My tone sounds happier than it should. Too late, I notice Phoebe glaring at me. "Don't get all choked up or anything."

Kar shakes his head. "So the Frilled One survived the destruction of the planet. Unfortunate. How could she have done so?"

"A portal." I lean my head back slightly and rub it. "I passed through a portal at some point. She's on a new planet, likely devouring the humans there."

Fernox grumbles. "Perhaps she can open up portals."

Hernox nudges his brother. "Or she has an ally among the Warpers."

"It's unfortunate either way," Phoebe mutters before crossing her arms. "And here I thought we'd been handed a gift on a silver platter. What now? Will you go to face her?"

No need to think of a response. "Not a chance. She defeated three Dukes. I can't hope to beat her as I am now. I need to find that portal. I also need to come up with a way to overcome her new power."

Neil walks over and adds his two cents. "Perhaps you should ally with the demons. Maybe, with the help of an Emperor and Dukes, you could overwhelm her."

"And reveal himself to them? That's suicide!" Phoebe immediately jumps in to shield me. "I won't allow it!"

"Phoebe... that's very sweet of you." I lean over and wrap an arm around her shoulder, pulling her in close. Immediately some of her tension dissolves. _Works every time,_ I think silently. "I can handle myself. Obviously, I'm not going to let the Demon Emperors know of my existence. That would be suicidal."

Silently I pull away from her. An idea occurs to me. "I won't kill demons to raise my energy level. However... if I remember correctly... there may be a way I can increase my combat abilities. Something I saw when I first entered Hell. I... I don't know for certain."

"What are you talking about?" Phoebe asks.

"I could be wrong. I don't know. Phoebe, do you remember what we talked about on the ride over?"

She shrugs. "Death camps?"

"The other thing."

"Pragmatism and idealism?"

I sigh. "The Crown! I'm going to leave the Crown with you. I need to move around the Labyrinth covertly. I can trust you with it. Keep helping humanity out and building new things."

"Jason." Phoebe blushes. "I told you I'm no good at that stuff."

"Well, I think you're wrong." Before she can react, I pluck the Crown from my head and slap it on hers. "You are now temporarily Queen Phoebe! All hail her highness! How's that sound?"

She doesn't respond.

"Uhh, Phoebe?" I wave my hand in front of her face. Only now do I notice the blank expression in her eyes. "Phoebe? Phoebe?!"

Phoebe slumps forward. I catch her. "Aaaahhnnn!!!" She howls in pain, and I suddenly remember my first experience with the Crown. The overwhelming information. The mental agony.

A moment later, she stiffens in my grasp and shakes her head. "Aoouuu... Jason... Jason, it hurts. My head hurts."

"God, I'm sorry. That was thoughtless of me." I rub her scalp gently, but already she's standing up straight again. "Are you better?"

Phoebe nods, and a tear rolls down her face. "You... jerk. I can't believe you. I need a nap now. My brain hurts."

"Sorry. It is pretty overwhelming the first time. You'll get used to it. Probably."

After a few moments, Phoebe blinks hard and waves her hand in front of her face. "Goodness! What is- what is that?! Can you see that?"

"Is it a holographic map of the Labyrinth?"

Phoebe shakes her head violently. "No, no!! It's a map of the-" She pauses, realizing what I said. "Oh, well, yes, I suppose you're right. Is this what you see all the time?"

"You can make it go away. Think really hard about disabling it, and it will vanish."

Neil, Kar, and the two Scythers stare at us silently while I guide Phoebe through the baby steps of using the Crown. Blinker hovers over and lands on my shoulder. "Soooo what's with the Crown? Is it magical or somethin'?"

I nod and explain it to her. The other four listen intently. It occurs to me that I kept its properties secret for a reason, and now these unknown Scythers know about its existence. Damn. The cat's out of the bag. Maybe I should try erasing their memories...

Several minutes later, Phoebe's eyes rove all around as she examines what is likely a series of images relating to chairs. "Wow! So many of them! I've never done wood-work a day in my life, and I feel as though I could become a professional carpenter by daybreak!"

"Imagine how much easier it is with Wordsmithing," I casually remark. "Do you understand now? You can help out humanity in my stead while I leave."

Phoebe pauses. I can immediately tell the heightened intelligence and memory retention the Crown gives is doing its work. "Hey... you didn't know Roland's planet was gone before, yet you must have already been thinking about leaving. What's the big idea?"

"I wanted to go treasure hunting for a while. I can't leave on a dime, though, so ensuring humanity had the Crown would mean you guys weren't defenseless."

"Hmm." Phoebe squints at me, second-guessing my motivations, but doesn't press further. "If you say so, Jason. Oh, also, you should leave Hoarhiim's orb with me."

I glance down at his shining orb in my belt pocket. "Huh? Why?"

"Well, in the darkness of the Labyrinth, you'll draw a lot of attention to yourself. You don't need light anyway, do you?"

"No. Fair point." I reach into my belt and tentatively hand the glowing orb over to her. "Keep him safe... okay? He's a good friend. Even if he is giving me the silent treatment."

"Of course."

Phoebe takes the orb from me, and a feeling of trepidation fills the air. Neil harumphs. "Ahhh, well, this is very sudden! I didn't expect you to leave out of the blue!"

"An occasional change of scenery is a good idea," I say. "Anyway, with the new weapons, turrets, and replicator, you guys can defend yourselves and advance without my presence. When I return, I plan to build a much bigger and better replicator system."

Kar punches his fist. "Damn straight! With several Dukes down, the demons won't know what hit 'em!"

"Strike while the iron is hot," I laugh.

Everyone shares a moment together, but Blinker tugs on my shirt collar and whispers, "Make sure you kiss your girl. She'll miss you TONS while you're gone!"

"Good idea," I whisper, patting the tiny woman on her head. The fairy giggles and flutters away, landing on Kar's shoulder.

Before I leave, I pull Phoebe aside and sweep her off her feet. "A little fairy told me I should."

"Oh, you."