Part 442: Archangel's Surprise

_Two days earlier._

Archangel Uriel, after witnessing the end of the Stormbringer Tribunal, felt unsatisfied. She and her brothers darkly watched as Beelzebub advanced to Emperor, gained untold power, and was summarily 'pardoned' by Jason Hiro. Disgusted, they had no choice but to observe from the sidelines as yet another evil, detestable bloodskin walked free, along with tens of thousands of his other cohorts.

Now, they linger inside the lone church on Tarus II's surface, protected from outside observers by its privacy field.

"We cannot do nothing!" Uriel exclaims, while pacing back and forth. "Verily, the bloodskins hath wormed their way deeper and deeper into humanity's good graces every day. I did NOT join these people to sit on my hands while my enemies grow stronger. I intend to KILL them all!"

Her three brothers, still mana-based constructs, rest at various spots inside the church's upper level. Michael lays on his back atop a giant tree branch growing out of the wall, while Gabriel plunks his huge body on an oversized chair and rests his back against the wall. As for Raphael, the eldest Archangel sits in a rocking chair, listening to his sister's rage-filled rants.

"Calm thy heart, Uriel." Raphael says. "I know well the Wordsmith's rage. Tis' impossible for him to have forgiven Beelzebub easily. I believe that an accident may hath occurred. Dost thou remembereth the Phoenix's sudden appearance? Perhaps it has supercharged Beelzebub's powers. Jason had no choice but to let the newly minted Emperor of Hellfire walk free."

Uriel snaps her eyes onto her eldest brother. "No choice?! There is always a choice! That Hero is constantly looking for reasons to forgive these bloodskins! This, despite the fact that his own child perished to Beelzebub's suicidal blast!"

"All the more reason we shoulds't assume there art extenuating circumstances." Raphael says calmly. "Indeed, I suspect our sister's artifact mayeth have something to do with the Wordsmith's decision. Perhaps, through a stroke of luck, Beelzebub may hath anchored his strength to the Cube's consciousness."

Uriel snorts. "A likely possibility. Why the Creator would grant such a boon to such an evil bastard, I cannot fathom."

"Hehehe..." Raphael chuckles humorlessly. "The Creator is dead. His hand no longer extends over our reality. And the way of Luck is to be unpredictable..."

Uriel continues ranting and raving for a good few minutes longer before eventually flopping onto a bench and leaning her head back.

"Tsk... t'would be so easy. The demons art right before me, yet I cannot reach out and kill them! It is as if invisible shackles hath bound my wrists!"

"Patience is a virtue." Gabriel says, his rumbling voice causing the air to shake. "And for thee, sister, it is in short supply."

Uriel snaps her head up. She opens her mouth to retort, but at that moment, a disorientation seizes her soul, along with the souls of the other Archangels.

"Ugh! W-what... is..."

Uriel tries to move, but her body remains frozen, paralyzed.

Suddenly, she and the other Archangels seemingly 'shift' into another reality!

The air hums around them in a manner most disorienting. The internal space of the Church vanishes, replaced instead with the interior of a golden, glorious-looking palace!

Tapestries hang from the walls. Stylized images of ancient human Heroes appear on long, slender flags, each visible face a figurehead any of the Archangels can recognize with ease.

King Arthur. Solomon. Jepthath. Nebuchadnezzar. Countless others!

These tapestries line the walls with only small gaps to separate them, drawing each Archangel's attention. Raphael turns around and gazes at all of the faces, shocked by their number and variety.

"Hmm?! Where hath we traveled?"

Michael goes on the alert. He reaches for the sword at his side, only to find that his body is not even the spiritual construct he expected, but purely a soul-form.

"Someone hath yanked our souls out of our rings!" Michael exclaims.

Before their confusion can escalate, a voice speaks.

"Raphael. Uriel. Michael. Gabriel. Sorry to bring you here like this, but I wanted to at least try and be discreet."

The Archangels turn to face the speaker. There, at the end of the hall, they find Hope Hiro, along with his fiancé, Amelia Greyheart, and the ghostly apparition of King Solomon as well.

Amelia waves politely. "Hi."

Solomon bobs his head. "Archangels."

After blinking his eyes a few times, Raphael manages to figure out what has happened.

"Hope Hiro. Thou hath obtained Solomon's Crown? And this hall... the auras here are much too lifelike and vibrant to be mere portraits of long-dead Heroes. Thou must have recently acquired... quite a windfall."

"Indeed, I have." Hope says, taking a few steps to greet his elder. "Six hours ago, I raided a Volgrim world, a secret base where they stored over a thousand Heroic Artifacts. I destroyed that world and took all its riches for myself. I even captured its leaders, among others, and added their technological knowledge to my own."

Raphael's eyes widen, ever so slightly. "Thou hath... made great gains. I am pleased to hear this."

"Indeed. But you don't need to worry about any of that." Hope says. "I brought the four of you here for a different matter."

The Archangels remain silent as Hope reaches into his robes and pulls out a simple golden ring. The moment they set their eyes on it, the Archangels gasp!

"Sister Uzziel's ring!" Uriel practically shrieks, both in excitement, and shock.

"Little sister Uzziel..." Raphael says, his face turning pale. "But... how?"

"I thought Uzziel died during the final battle." Gabriel murmurs. "Is she alive?"

Michael says nothing for a few moments. He stares at the ring and frowns.

"The soul I sense within that ring is..."

Hope nods solemnly. "I regret to inform all of you that... the Uzziel inside this ring will not be the sister you remember. Please have patience. She has... suffered immensely."

Hope spends the next few minutes recounting not only the events told to him by Vulpanix, but plenty of other information the High Volgrim he captured happened to have locked in their memories, including the specific events that transpired where they experimented on Uzziel's soul to try and restore her powers.

Before long, a clear picture emerges.

"So. 'Tis like that." Uriel whispers, as tears well up in her eyes. "In the final battle, she unleashed every last drop of her power. Our sister obliterated countless demons and their leaders. Her soul decayed... and what thou hath recovered is but a fragment of her original self."

Hope purses his lips.

"Yes. I'm sorry. I've been working with Solomon, and we have an idea about how to heal her soul back to its original state. However... she will not possess any of her former memories. She may not even be able to use her magic."

Raphael clears his throat. "Our sister shan't be an Archangel."

Michael's frown deepens. "What is thy meaning?"

"Her power was expended." Raphael explains. "This fragment... I do wish to see it restored. But for all intents and purposes, our sister shalt be none other than an ordinary Seraph. She has lost the lineage of the Archangels, as well as her link to the Creator's power."

"To bring back a hollow shell of our sister..." Gabriel murmurs. "Perhaps t'would be better to erase her, as she is now. Allow her to go back to the Cosmic Realm in peace."

Michael's expression turns into a snarl. "We've lost too many! And as for the Cosmic Realm, hath thou forgotten, Gabriel? Tis overrun by that monstrous Plague! Who can say if the souls of our fallen brethren art truly at rest in its bowels? Perhaps, as we speak, they art suffering eternal torment!"

Hope allows the Archangels to discuss the matter among themselves. After a few minutes, they come to a resolution.

"We wish to restore Uzziel's soul." Uriel says. "Perhaps some of her memories may yet remain. And even if they do not, we hath already undergone mind-wipes once. This time shalt be no different."

Raphael nods. "Every angel we can revive shalt be another beloved brother or sister capable of walking this mortal realm. Whether Uzziel remembers her past or not, we shalt treat her the same."

"Indeed." Uriel says.

"Indeed." Gabriel and Michael conclude.

With the Archangels having made up their minds, Solomon steps forward.

"It is decided, then. I will require the four of you to bare your souls during this process. Hope will rebuild the fragments of Uzziel's soul using the sensations you can recall. Without your help, the soul we create would bear no resemblance to her original self. I pray you will be of assistance during this turbulent session."

The Archangels nod.

"Of course." Raphael says, waving his hand gallantly. "Let us all take a seat. We shalt encircle her ring and call forth her vessel so as to put back together the shattered pieces."

Amelia remains behind while Hope, Solomon, and the four Archangels take their seats in a circular pattern on the floor. They sit around a tree Hope grows from a crack in the golden castle's bottom, and upon which he places Uzziel's ring. The life energy from this tree will provide a small portion of the energy she needs to rebuild her true identity.

After thirty minutes of careful preparation, aided heavily by Raphael's knowledge of soul-melding, the group begins in earnest!

_Whoomph!_

Hope casts dozens of Words of Power. He works together with Raphael and the others to pull Uzziel's broken, shattered soul out of her ring and begin repairing it bit by bit.

Amelia watches silently from the side, her eyes as big as saucers. She gasps when she sees Uzziel's soul-body rise from the ring's interior into the physical world, where its multi-armed, multi-legged form looks like some horrible abomination of thirty people mashed together. Had she seen the flesh-suit worn by Confessor Vulpanix, she might draw further parallels there as well...

Time passes quickly. With the help of the Archangels, particularly Raphael, Hope and Solomon begin metaphorically smashing Uzziel's soul with a hammer and breaking it down into its purest form. Long-corrupted by impurities and unknown influences over the eras, her soul has become so tainted that most of their work comes down to breaking off the corroded bits and filling the gaps with 'sealants'.

Hours pass. Days. Weeks.

Periodically, Hope pauses and takes time to sleep. Then him and the others resume their work.

During this seemingly unending, grueling session, Uzziel's soul finally comes together in the end. With a puff of air, Solomon 'breathes' life back into her body, allowing her to fall to the floor and lay unmoving on the golden tiles.

The dark-skinned woman remains unmoving for some time. She lifelessly stares up at the ceiling, her beautiful eyes unblinking.

Hope's gaze hardens.

"Did we fail?"

Solomon holds up his palm.

"Wait."

And so, they do.

For one full day, the group of six watches silently, waiting for Uzziel's return.

Then, her hand twitches.

It takes a great deal of effort, but Uzziel slowly blinks her eyes.

She blinks them again.

And again.

The hearts of everyone present beat in delight as they wait for Uzziel to fully regain consciousness. Before long, she lolls her head to the side and twitches her arms. Uriel swoops in to help lift Uzziel to a sitting position, propping her weakened sister up with a helping arm behind her back.

Tears well up in Uriel's eyes.

"S...sister. Thou hath finally awoken. Dost thou... remember me?"

At first, Uzziel doesn't seem to register Uriel's words. Like a blind woman who has no conception of a world seen through functioning eyes, she doesn't seem capable of understanding the blobs of color around her, nor the sounds entering her ears.

But, after a time, she turns her head to vaguely look in Uriel's direction.

"..."

Uzziel opens her mouth, but fails to speak any words.

"Tis no matter, no matter at all." Uriel whispers. "Focus thy mind. Think carefully sister, and the words shalt surely-"

"ABWAAABA!"

Uzziel finally speaks, but the sounds that she releases don't come out as words at all! Instead, she loudly yells and babbles incomprehensible gibberish, like a month-old baby.

"ABAAAA! BWAAABWABAAA!"

Uriel blinks in surprise. Raphael frowns.

"This..."

The group of six, as well as Amelia, frown deeply while Uzziel's head rocks from side to side.

"Ehehe! Baabwababwaaa~!!" She babbles delightedly, seemingly amazed by the pretty colors around her.

Even Solomon's expression turns unsightly.

"She has completely forgotten how to speak? I assumed her memories would be nonexistent, but she should be able to understand and form words. The 'concept' of language should be there..."

Raphael lowers his head and sighs.

"Verily, I suspected this would happen. An Uzziel capable of speech but without memories would be one thing. But lacking both, she is... an infant who must be raised with care."

"Baaa! Bububu! Bwabwa!" Uzziel babbles cutely, as if to punctuate her older brother's point.

Uriel gently strokes her sister's hair, knowing that the Uzziel before her is no longer the one she lost, but an entirely new existence, one without definition. Even so, their shared face gives her a sense of comfort.

"We shalt take care of her in the best way we can." Uriel says softly. "She deserves that much from us."

Michael averts his gaze. A painful stabbing sensation swells in his chest.

"To have lost our sister would be one thing. But to gain back an empty shell of her former self... that hurts far more." Michael murmurs.

Hope nods at the Archangels. "What do you want to do with her, then?"

A few minutes pass. Nobody says a word. Except for Uzziel, who continues to cutely babble in her own amusing way.

"Lalala! Looo-laalaa! Bababa!"

Raphael finally raises his head.

"Mmm. Verily, I hath thought of a better option. We shalt take Uzziel's ring, Wordsmith. And I thank thee for thy services. Compared to the First Wordsmith, thou art surely..."

He pauses to nod at Solomon.

"...far more promising."

Solomon nods back. "You feel as I do, old friend."

Hope smiles. "I have many plans to work on. I have many goals to complete. As for the time you've spent here, don't worry too much. This is my newly created Hall of Heroes. Inside, the time flows at a rate of one hundred to one. After I defeated Vulpanix and seized the stolen artifacts, I worked with Solomon to construct this place. Here, I can take my time learning what each artifact does, and how to best use them."

Raphael's eyebrows raise, ever so slightly. He nods appreciatively. "An excellent choice. One thing thou hath lacked, along with thy other self, is time. Time to master thy abilities. Time to sit back and dwell on the future."

He glances at Amelia.

"Time to build bonds with those thou careth the most about."

Hope wraps his arm around Amelia's shoulder and nods at Raphael.

"Time is one resource I will no longer lack, moving forward."

After exchanging some pleasantries, the Archangels, Solomon, Hope, and Amelia all rise to their feet. They place Uzziel's soul back in her ring, then teleport the ring back to the angel's bodies on Tarus II.

Before the Archangels depart, Uriel and Michael walk over to Hope.

"Wordsmith." Uriel says. "The bloodskins have entrenched themselves well on Tarus II. Art thou aware of the happenings during the Stormbringer Tribunal?"

Hope shakes his head. "Not really. I've been pretty preoccupied. Mind filling me in?"

"It's like this..." Michael says, answering in Uriel's stead.

While he and Uriel speak to Hope, Gabriel takes stock of Amelia.

"Child of two selves." Gabriel says to her. "How hath thou fared in recent times?"

Amelia shrugs. "I can't complain. I'm coming to terms with my two selves. The Black Queen, and the ordinary woman, Annette. I'm still not sure who I want to be."

"Do not bother with such vague distinctions." Gabriel says, waving his hand casually. The peaceful giant rests his ghostly palm on her shoulder, like a loving big brother. "Time is transient. Existence is transient. Enjoy the good, and discard the bad. That is what shalt allow thee to find inner peace..."

While Gabriel and Amelia converse, two other figures find themselves in a rare private moment.

Solomon and Raphael take stock of one another. The Knowledge-Seeker narrows his eyes while slowly approaching his 'old friend.'

"Archangel of Wisdom." Solomon says slowly, sizing up the elderly winged one before him. "A question plays upon my mind."

Raphael slowly turns to look at the Knowledge-Seeker.

"Mmm. And that would be...?"

Solomon does not answer.

Instead, he and Raphael lock gazes. They eye each other with intense scrutiny.

While Hope and Amelia converse with their Archangel peers, the two wise old snakes say nothing verbally, yet exchange a million insights through their eyes.

Eventually, Solomon retracts his gaze. He snorts derisively at the eldest Archangel.

"So it's like that."

"Perhaps 'tis so." Raphael says slowly. "And the boy...?"

"Your goals do not conflict with mine." Solomon answers softly, keeping his voice low. "I see no need to tell him the truth."

"Thou art a prudent sage among dragons." Raphael praises.

"Save your flattery." Solomon hisses. "Your schemes run deep, old man. How long have you waited for this day? And yet now that it has arrived, you continue to play the fool. Perhaps it wasn't even Camael who could divine the future, but you."

Raphael blinks slowly.

"How fares my sister?"

"Mmm." Solomon says, flicking his eyes toward Hope, then returning them to Raphael. "She is... happy. Satisfied with the current arrangement."

"Thou shalt leave her be, then?" Raphael asks.

"I've no need of her skills." Solomon answers. "I'm not even certain of her current location. But you do know she works for the demons now? She is... our enemy."

Raphael faintly motions dismissively with his hand. "Borne out of a perceived lack of options, she made that choice only half-willingly. When the time comes, she shalt remember her allegiance. She always does."

"I should hope so." Solomon snaps under his breath. "It would be such a shame if you had to kill yet _another_ of your 'beloved' family members."

Raphael's expression softens. He lowers his eyes, unable to meet Solomon's gaze.

"Thou knoweth more than thou let on, Knowledge-Seeker."

"A secret one spreads freely holds no value." Solomon retorts. "The wise man retains additional cards for the sake of giving himself options. I would be a fool to reveal everything I know to those undeserving."

"What think thee of the boy?" Raphael asks. "Truly?"

"He has high potential." Solomon praises. "More than that Jason brat. A fool ruled by his compassion. Hope is willing to do anything to further his goals. He has already begun to engage in a long-term strategy of deception. Even us aged ones may yet come to learn new tricks from this young dog."

"High praise, coming from thee." Raphael acknowledges. "I shalt gaze upon his growth with great anticipation."

"And I'll keep my eye on your little machinations." Solomon says, his words slightly bitter. "To think you would even go this far... you are truly the most wretched creature in the cosmos."

The two men slowly draw apart. After a time, Uriel and Michael finish talking to Hope, and the Archangels bid him farewell.

Speaking a Word of Power, Hope returns their souls to their original bodies, still on Tarus II.

Uriel awakens to find herself still reclining on the bench, like before. Despite days passing inside the Hall of Heroes, only a few hours passed in the physical universe.

Now, on her hand, a fourth Archangel ring rests.

The Archangel of Retribution gently caresses the plain, golden artifact.

"Sister Uzziel..."