Part 195: Umi's Core

Marie leads the Volgrim inspection team from one facility to another, breezing through a variety of different inventions, gadgets, and technological marvels, each one capable of causing a seismic shift in the era before my Cryogenic stasis. Without Solomon's Crown, I can only rely on the prior knowledge I've accrued from the Knowledge-Seeker. Still, surprisingly, I'm able to parse more of what Marie is saying than I first expected.

The Head Scientist leads her visitors into another room, one substantially larger than all the others from before. Glass tubes reach from the ceiling to the floor, transporting various liquids into a single, gigantic tank in the center of the room. The pipe array branches out, spreads around, and engulfs the transparent vat like a horde of squid embracing an egg.

Inside the vat, a misshapen lump of meat nearly thirty feet tall and ten feet in diameter pulses occasionally, its rhythmic throbs vaguely resembling a heartbeat.

_Thump. Thump. Thump._

I linger by the room's entrance, occasionally turning my gaze to examine all the various parts of this strange inner room. It doesn't take me long to figure out what this place is.

It's Umi's 'core.'

The gruesome meat-lump pulsating with life in the center of the room sends a shiver through my soul. Having a chunk of flesh represent a supercomputer unnerves me in a way I couldn't have imagined an hour ago. Every beat of its 'heart' makes me want to float away and escape this room. My instincts tell me that it's an unnatural abomination spawned by a dark wizard, not a highly advanced supercomputer created via modern science. 

Marie slows to a stop just ten feet away from the crystal-clear nutrient vat. She folds her hands behind her back and smiles. "Umi. How are you feeling, today?"

Umi's electronic voice squelches throughout the room. "Head Researcher Marie Becker: My systems are running at 100% efficiency. All of my background processes are functioning at nominal values."

Marie nods, then turns around to face the six Volgrim behind her. Judicator Halamis, having seen the supercomputer before, appears unmoved. However, the wide-eyed gazes from the other Volgrim betrays the fear in their hearts. Three of the four Technopaths keep their distance, staying wary of the biological superentity. However, the Changeling, Mellir, manages to conceal its emotions and assume a calm posture, with both arms hanging loosely at its sides. Additionally, the disfigured Technopath, Psymin Miralax, even takes a few steps forward to scrutinize the supercomputer's core.

"_This machine. Highly advanced. Safeguards?_"

Miralax's harsh, robotic voice grates on my senses the same as when I first heard it. She gestures toward Marie with what I can only assume is a curious motion.

Marie nods. "Do not worry. Umi is my greatest creation: a bio-computer capable of reason, logic, and emotion. I invested fifty years of my life into creating her, thus ensuring she would not turn rogue, even if a catastrophe were to occur. Thousands of custom-created rules all interlock together to form an impenetrable logic net, one which prevents her from becoming a terror to biological life, unlike the technological horrors which once victimized your species."

Marie begins pacing back and forth. She wavers between gazing at Psymin Miralax and the floor, taking a moment every now and then to gather her thoughts. "When I first created Umi, I lacked data about the nature of artificial intelligence. I was unaware of the Volgrim's history, and thus nearly blundered into catastrophic mistakes time and time again. It was only with the help of a mysterious benefactor that my team of scientists and I were able to successfully create a comprehensive list of rules limiting Umi's growth to the realm of Alpha intelligence. Obviously, if she were to ascend to Zeta level or beyond, the results would be catastrophic."

Psymin Miralax stomps forward slowly, each of her heavily armored legs striking the tiled floor with substantial force. "_I am curious. Control; impossible. Guiding its development. How?_"

Marie sighs. "With all due respect, the Celestial Designers made many critical mistakes with their implementation of the Sentinel Defense Network. Creating an Overmind to guide the lower intelligences while only placing weak limits on its self-replication programming meant that even minute improvements in its core programming would eventually lead to exponential growth. Whether that growth took one year or one thousand, that did not matter."

Marie clears her throat. "Secondly, while you and your fellow Celestials may have created the Sentinels during a war, I, too, developed Umi under similar harsh circumstances. The difference is that I never wavered in my desire for control. I never took shortcuts, but you did. Take this biological core, for instance..."

Marie walks over to the glass vat and raps on it with her knuckles. A hollow _gong_ resounds from the impact point, dissipating a split-second later as the facility swallows the sound whole.

"I used the scans of thousands of human brains to create a digitized logic center for Umi's core. You, on the other hand, used a single brain scan for each Sentinel, causing reductive flaws in their programming. A choice borne of urgency, I'm sure, but one you inevitably paid the price for."

Psymin bows her head. She takes a step backward and spreads out her arms. "_I contemplate. I comprehend._"

"If you have any further questions, feel free to ask me later," Marie says. She walks over to the side of the nutrient tank and taps a black box embedded on its side. "Sangin Lidra, as the leader of this inspection, I invite you to come and check Umi's restrictor chip. I assure you that it is functioning properly, but it is customary for a clan head to perform the inspection."

The head of Clan Oblong visibly stiffens. Her hovering body lowers an inch or two as she appears to shrink behind her fellow Technoapths. "Must... must I? Ordonis! Go and inspect the restrictor chip. You are the most suited for this arrangement."

To my surprise, the Technopath leader appears visibly unnerved by the biomechanical computer, possibly even moreso than me. Every time her gaze reaches the pulsing biomass, she turns away, unable to look at it.

Lidra's junior, Ordonis Limea, turns green with fright. The spider-legged Technopath glances at his superior as if she were ordering him to die on the frontlines of a battlefield. "A-ah! Clan Leader... such an honor should surely be yours! I dare not overstep my lowly position in the clan to perform such an... _essential_ duty."

Lidra's tentacle hands tremble and writhe furiously. She glares at Ordonis with a gaze that could melt steel. "Bah! Do as I say! Inspect the restrictor chip at once! Don't make me add a second demerit for breaching protocol!"

Marie watches as the Technopaths argue amongst each other, both of them trying desperately to avoid coming any closer to the creepy-looking, gigantic biomass suspended in nutrient fluids. Eventually, with a huge sigh, Marie facepalms, unable to believe their cowardice. 

"...Delegates, please. Your fears are unwarranted. Umi is incapable of harming you. Your wariness of Alpha-level AI borders on the nonsensical."

Lidra whirls to face Marie. "No! You are wrong! I have seen holo-files of the Seven Great Wars! Countless Volgrim perished under the onslaught of their former servants, indestructible killing machines produced to protect them. I cannot bear to even look at this dreadful monster you've created. Knowing it resides in the same galaxy as me is far more than I can stand!"

"Well, it does. So get over yourself."

Marie rolls her eyes, clearly annoyed with the clan leader's groundless fears. Before the two can squabble further, Psymin clomps forward on her armored legs and nods. "_No need. I will inspect. I am Fifth-Level. Third Echelon. Show me._"

Emboldened by the Celestial Designer's courage, Loputo Jidelor quickly steps forward and bows. His artificial arm writhes excitedly as he presents himself before Marie. "Anything the Celestial Designer thinks safe enough to inspect, I would like to witness."

"Great," Marie says, her tone dry. "At least you two have a bit of courage. Umi's restrictor plate is hardly worth shrinking away from. I guess Clan Oblong isn't made of the same stuff as Symmetra, eh?"

Marie's praise seems to slap Lidra and her junior, Ordonis, straight across their faces. Both of them recoil in shame and shoot a look of indignation at Loputo. 

"That third-level Symmetra youth hasn't the qualifications to perform an inspection-" Lidra starts to say. However, Marie immediately turns her back on the Oblong Technopaths and leads the other two over to Umi's nutrient vat.

"Those with curiosity have the qualifications to discover. Don't you agree, Miss Psymin? Helping to create a whole new branch of robotics in the middle of the Sixth Great War must have required a great amount of courage. What, may I ask, was your level at that time?"

Psymin plods along behind Marie, but always keeps her movements calm and respectful. She bows her head at Marie's words. "_Third Level. Second Echelon. I was. A novice._"

"Haha. Only one Echelon above Jidelor. It's never too early to step into the unknown."

Marie kneels next to Umi's gigantic liquid vat and taps the three-by-three-foot plate bolted onto its side. "Look here, do you see this gravimetric-enhanced blast-plate? It ensures that even if a catastrophe were to occur inside my laboratory, Umi's entire apparatus would break before her containment chip."

Loputo strokes his chin with several of the tentacles on his flesh-and-blood left arm. "You intend to ensure that if all of the humans here should perish in an accident, your Alpha-level-AI will also die, or at least continue in its restricted state."

"Exactly," Marie replies. She reaches underneath the restrictor plate and procures a thin piece of metal with a thick handle at the other end. "Psymin Miralax, if you'd be so kind...?"

Psymin blinks in surprise as Marie hands the nine-inch-long slender object to her. The disfigured Technopath easily grasps hold of the object but cocks her head questioningly after a moment. "_This thin pole. Is strange. What is it?_"

"It's called a 'screwdriver,'" Marie says, stifling a chuckle. "Low-tech to ensure durability. Just unscrew the bolts here, here, and there. The cover will come right off."

"_I comprehend._"

Psymin silently kneels and presses the screwdriver against the nearest bolt's head. It slides into a plus-shaped groove, and she begins rapidly twisting from right to left. Thanks to her tentacles, her movements appear ten times more dextrous and fluid than any human fingers, saving her from twisting and rotating her arm.

I hover through the air and draw a little closer to get a better look. After unscrewing all the bolts, Psymin pulls off the cover to the restrictor plate and peers inside. A symmetrically aligned series of transistors, microscopic wires, and circuitboards overlap and cross one another in intricate, difficult-to-follow patterns. Psymin leers her hideous, mottled head forward and peers at the board with her iris inspection unit. It clicks and whirrs as she examines the restrictor plate from one corner to the opposite.

"_Impressive. Mere nanometers. Separate the relays. Resursive augmentations. No limit to ingenuity._"

Marie waves her hand dismissively, but her face flushes red. "Oh, pish. It was just a little something I threw together over a few rainy afternoons. The most important additions came from Clan Artarax three epochs ago. They came up with an innovative method for layering the nanowires together to triple its efficiency..."

Marie and Psymin fire off incomprehensible technobabble at one another for a couple of minutes. Loputo chimes in now and then, but I quickly realize just how strongly the 'levels' correlate to knowledge between Technopaths. A glance at the Clan Oblong members reveals that only Lidra appears capable of following along with Marie and Psymin, while Ordonis seems completely lost, and even Loputo only grasps the basics of their words.

To my surprise, aside from the two Technopaths, I only spot the Psion, Judicator Halamis, standing by himself. Where did the Changeling go?

I flick my gaze around the room and discover Mellir standing on the opposite side of Umi's containment tank. The big-headed, bald alien folds its hands behind its back and slowly paces around the tank's perimeter, examining the massive fleshy blob inside with a look of what I assume is curiosity. Occasionally, it opens its mouth and emits chirping and clicking noises, creating a mixture of bug and birdlike sounds.

I haven't a clue what the Changeling is doing. Still, given its resemblance to Roswell aliens, I decide to float a little closer and observe. When I do, I spot a small device stuck in its ear canal resembling a communicator. It only takes me a moment to realize Mellir must be communicating with someone through it.

As if confirming my thoughts, Mellir turns on its heel and walks around the tank to Marie's side. "Head Scientist, this one must offer its sincerest apologies. Due to a series of unfortunate events occurring outside of this one's control, it appears that Confessor Vulpanix has decided to join today's inspection. Her mood is far from amiable."

Marie's pleasant chat with Psymin and Loputo comes to a screeching halt. She whirls to face Mellir, revealing a face drained of blood. "What name did you say? Confessor Vulpanix?"

"That is affirmative," Mellir replies. The Changeling's poker-face gives off no hints of its inner emotions, but Marie's does.

"Damn, damn, damn! Of all the hotheaded bastards Dosena could have sent, she chose- gah! How long before-?!"

"Thirty seconds," Mellir replies. "The Confessor's shuttle landed ten minutes ago."

"Umi!" Marie barks. "Confirm the Confessor's position! Where is she?"

From the ceiling, Umi's voice descends like ice-water, drenching Marie and the Volgrim guests in dread. "Head Research Marie Becker, the Confessor is less than five hundred feet away and rapidly closing the gap. She will enter the Mind Chamber in T-minus fifteen seconds."

Marie expression turns enraged. "Augh! I was not ready for her. Son of a bitch."

I float into the air and linger near the ceiling. Marie's sudden change in mood worries me more than anything else that has happened today. Not once have I seen anything fluster her, but this single Volgrim visitor appears to be her Kryptonite. Not even the other Volgrim present hold a candle to the Confessor.

_Boom!_

The sliding doors to the room yank open violently, propelled by an external telekinetic force. They wrench into the fully opened position and break off their hinges to hang loosely at their sides.

_Stomp, click. Stomp, click._

Heavy footsteps echo in the room as a Psion thirty percent more massive than Judicator Halamis storms into the room. Wearing gaudy, elaborate black and gold robes, the high-ranking Confessor enters with a presence capable of cowing the roiling seas. Her insect-like head, with its six eyes, barely gives the two members of the Oblong Clan a passing glance. She briefly sizes Halamis up before stomping toward Marie, Psymin, and Loputo.

[Ma'ua Bathka'! Wha'a a'a xuia' nanna't?! I tans xuia shu'sx nuniasat ur ag'antha gha'nung 'aga'gung nx a''u'aft, xas xuia rauftag su urra' na a l'ula' ghaftthuna! Thut gut'atlaths ghuftft nus gu ianlianuthag.]

The Confessor's harsh, clicky voice echoes in the minds of everyone present, projected outward via her psionic powers. She extends an arrogant finger toward Marie, as if accusing the Head Scientist of something seedy.

A look of annoyance appears in Marie's eyes, but she keeps her tone respectful. "Confessor Vulpanix, my apologies. I have been leading the inspection team around for the past fifteen minutes. I did not know that you were coming, or I would have provided a suitable-"

[Nuntanta! Yuia ghu'shftatt g'u'afta', I thuiaftg ha'a knughn xuia'g ha'a nushung ftias agnthiatat ang ftuat! Yuia' raa' gutgiatst na!]

The Confessor cuts Marie off-midsentence and fires off even more accusatory-sounding words at her. Annoyed, I try to Wordsmith so that I can understand what she's saying, only to facepalm when I remember that I can't use magic in my soul form. Fuck's sake.

"I am hardly fearful of one as _calm_ and _dignified_ as yourself," Marie says, sarcasm lacing her every word. "but Umi did not notify me of your pending arrival. Perhaps your communicator suffered a glitch and did not broadcast the arrival code ahead of time? These things do happen with  _faulty_ Clan Kokorat technology, as I'm sure-"

[Enuiagh! I than's ftaa' su haa' anusha' ghu'g. I gugn's thuna su agnthhanga lftaatans'uat, ftias su raasthh sha untlathsuun saan nanfta't as untha. Wa niats 'asia'n su sha Inna' Wu'ftgt as untha!]

This time, it isn't Marie, but Judicator Halamis, who speaks. [The Inner Worlds? Why must we leave so soon? Were not we supposed to press the Head Scientist for faster shipments of Coldarium and Depoxies?]

Upon hearing a retort from her junior, Confessor Vulpanix narrows her eyes and shoots a disdainful glance at him. [Massa't un'uft'ung sha Pftagiaa s'ianl aftft usha't. Du nus ghiaatsuun u'ga't lattag gughn r'un sha Fuianga't.]

[No, of course, I won't. The Founders guide us with their light,] Halamis replies, bowing his head and spreading his arms. [Forgive my impudence.]

Lidra Sangin, head of Clan Oblong, allows her tentacles to writhe in annoyance. "Surely, we are not all required to return. If you would allow me to stay, in addition to Psymin Miralax, we will finish the inspection and still offer the additional resources needed for your request."

[Nu. E'a'xuna guat. Fuianga' Dutana ang Fuianga' Ciaanaftu't u'ga't a'a runaft.]

All of the Volgrim present, those from the original inspection team, appear annoyed by the Confessor's overbearing presence. However, she outranks all of them. They perform the Volgrim equivalent of a shrug and turn to Marie.

"Thank you for your hospitality," Sangin Lidra says. "It seems our stay was destined to be a short one, indeed."

Psymin Miralax adds her input, as well. "_Yes. Very informative. I will return. Regeneration pods. Much hope._"

The two juniors, Ordonis and Loputo, bow before Marie. "We thank you for this opportunity to learn and apologize if any of our behavior was out of line. We are unfamiliar with the ways of humans."

Marie forces a smile. "I am always pleased to receive members of the Volgrim inspection teams. Even the more _abrasive_ ones."

With the group gathering to leave, I quickly realize all the fun is over. I don't have anything interesting left to see, so I hover down from the ceiling and fly toward the exit doors. Having witnessed all manner of incredible sights, my horizons have expanded enough to make me genuinely grasp a sliver of the Volgrim's power.

Their reach extends throughout the Milky Way. Their vision penetrates to the furthest planets.

They are my enemy. I must not underestimate them.

As I fly toward the door, a strange, disorienting feeling overtakes me. A sensation of being watched washes across my body. I turn my head just in time to see the newly arrived Psion, Confessor Vulpanix, staring directly at me.

Panic!

My mind screams in alarm. At the same instant, the Confessor lunges a hand out, as if to grab me from across the hundred-foot gap.

[Waus! O'a' sha'a! An uns'iaga'!]

The Confessor's words, projected to everyone present, make me flinch. Without knowing a word of Volgrim, I immediately understand that she's warning everyone of my presence. She sees me! Not even Halamis saw me! Who the fuck is this bitch?!

_Whoomph._

An invisible, telekinetic hand surges from the Confessor's grasp and grabs onto me. Like a field hare caught in the maw of a hungry wolf, my entire body goes inert. I try desperately to wiggle free, but the Psionic energy wrapping around me renders my movements ineffectual and powerless!

Hurrgh! Guh! Let me go!

I try to yell obscenities at the Volgrim, but without any vocal cords, I can't audibly protest!

Light flashes in the Confessor's hand. She slowly pulls her six-fingered claws toward her body, drawing me in. The other Psion, Halamis, leaps into action at her side and narrows his gaze, as if trying to see what she's hooked.

[Confessor! I see nothing! What intruder do you speak of?]

[Inftathufta. Yuia' Ptxthhuth assansiaasuun ut aunt ftahung nuna. Jiats ruthiat xuia' ana'gx un sha tana tlus at nuna ang haftl na! Thut a''ans tuiaft ut rughsung ftathk ghush unth'aguftfta ts'angsh. I than's huftg us ftung!]

The force wrapping around my body intensifies. I struggle harder than ever, even as the Confessor pulls me closer and closer. With a sickening sense of dread, I can only watch helplessly as Halamis joins in and concentrates his psionic energy at the same spot the Confessor is aiming, doubling her grip on my soul.

They're going to catch me! I can't get away! What in the hell am I going to do?!

Focusing my mind, I look deep inside myself. There, a well of power I didn't know I had presents itself, offering me a golden opportunity. I use all of my willpower at once, detonating my spiritual energy like a bomb.

_Thoom!_

A blast of mana detonates from my spiritual core. Instantly, the grip on my body vanishes. The Confessor and Judicator stumble backward and fall on their asses. Before they can regain their footing, I beat a hasty retreat, leaving cartoonish afterimages in my wake as I flee for my life.

[That errant soul is getting away!] Halamis's voice yells in my mind. [After it! It can't escape the lab's confines! It can't-]

His voice fades as I zip through walls and any other obstructions in my path. I arrive at the elevator and dive down, multiplying my speed by dozens of factors.

Soon, I leave Marie and her Volgrim friends behind.

However, my panic doesn't disappear. 

I somehow escaped with my life.

I barely even understand how I got away.

...

Minutes later, I fly inside of my body and re-enter the physical world. It takes a few seconds for me to reorient myself, but when I feel the familiar ambient energy of the non-soul world, I almost want to fall over and kiss the dirt!

"I've returned," I mutter to nobody in particular.

"Welcome back!" My mind-wife says, smiling cheerfully at me from within my Mind Realm. "I was having fun possessing your body, but I guess that's over now."

I nod. "Yeah, I guess so. Wait, you _possessed_ me? How? And who's the big, muscled guy sitting across from you? Why isn't he wearing a shirt?"

My attention wanders away from Phoebe toward the tall, chiseled blonde dude leaning back in his chair while Shana sits in his lap. He absentmindedly chews on a chicken leg and smiles at me.

"Oh, you must be Jason. Welcome back to your body! Your wife was a wonderful hostess in your absence."

Phoebe throws her hands in the air and smiles helplessly. "Jason, this man here is named Samson. He's physically the second-strongest Hero who has ever walked the Earth. You missed a lot while you were gone."

I nod.

"Oh. Yeah, I guess I did."