Part 439: A Pleasant Picnic

_Several days before, on Tarus II._

Life goes on as normal for humanity's citizens. With the sudden and unexpected conclusion to the Stormbringer Tribunal, a certain air of suspicion lingers, leaving many of Jason Hiro's most ardent supporters to regard him with concern. His decision to spare Beelzebub's life may not have come easily, but almost nobody understands the truth of the matter in full. Outside of humanity's top leaders, the people who are well and fully aware of the Cube's significance, nobody else can even begin to follow the breadcrumb trail leading to Beelzebub's recent power-up.

But with Jason remaining tight-lipped, only a handful of people, such as Neil Adams, can begin to wrap their heads around the mechanics of why Jason would power Beelzebub up, and why he would subsequently pardon him. Jason's casual mention of the 'Phoenix' to Neil didn't even come close to adequately explaining the situation.

After three or four days, a certain amount of the recent hubbub finally begins to die down. Beelzebub, newly freed, and more powerful than at any point in his life, sits atop a mountain, by himself, about ten miles from the edge of Tarus II's lone population center. He sits cross legged, with his hands folded in his lap, a wistful look on his face.

"I'm stronger than ever. I have more power than I dared desire only a decade ago. But why does it all feel so... hollow?"

Beelzebub's keen Emperor-level eyesight allows him to easily pick out each individual speck far, far in the distance, each human, each monster, and each demon. He 'zooms in' on them, following them as they go about their daily lives.

"What was I even fighting for? The power to uplift demonkind? But it wasn't me who brought that possibility about. It was Jason Hiro. All I did was slow him down. Now I'm stronger than ever because of him, but he'd rather I be dead. I can't say that I blame him..."

As Beelzebub verbalizes his thoughts, a flicker of movement to the side catches his attention. Beelzebub turns to see a demoness levitating through the air toward him. He raises an eyebrow at her as she approaches.

"There you are." The woman says, her cloaked body shrouded in an air of mystique. "I've been looking for you."

"Mara." Beelzebub says to the recently ascended Duke of Collection. "Need something?"

The blond-haired beauty slows to a stop. A dot of light extinguishes on her forehead, and she inhales deeply.

"Air's a bit thin up here."

"I can breathe just fine." Beelzebub says, slightly annoyed by her intrusion on his private moment. He becomes even more annoyed when she unceremoniously plops down next to him, assuming an identical cross-legged stance.

"I'll bet you can..." Mara mutters absentmindedly. "So how about that brush with death? You and I were _this_ close to getting executed."

Beelzebub hesitates. He looks away from Mara, toward the humans in the plains below.

"...We were."

"And?" Mara asks. "Now we're both alive and stronger than ever. Isn't that great? But at the same time, it feels undeserved. I killed a lot of humans... but they ended up allowing me to live."

"Jason still wanted to execute you." Beelzebub mutters. "He had no choice but to let you go. It would be hypocritical if he spared me but killed you and the others."

"Whatever." Mara mumbles. "At least I'm still alive."

Beelzebub chews his lower lip. "Have any regrets?"

"About killing a hundred thousand people?" Mara asks. "Most of them noncombatants? Women and children? Why would you ever think that haunts me, Beelzebub?"

Beelzebub wrings his hands together.

"What you did to humanity was evil. What I did was... indescribable. Indiscriminate. And why? Because my ego was a little bruised. I don't even know how many people I killed in total. I'm afraid to find out."

"Since when were you the kind and caring type?" Mara asks. "I don't get it. You've always been such a violent _dickhead_. Unlike me, a cute and sweet and innocent demoness who'd never hurt a fly."

Beelzebub snorts. "Sure you are. Ose didn't even give you an order and you pounced on those people. You're no better than me."

Mara doesn't fire back at him. Instead, she gazes off into the distance and sighs.

"Yeah... you're right. I don't really get it, either. I've always hated humans, but I'm not sure why. The Emperors and Dukes told me to hate them, so I did. But when it comes down to it, are the humans really all that bad? They just want to survive, the same as us. They want to thrive. I don't even want to fight them anymore... and I don't know if I ever truly did."

Beelzebub shrugs. "Considering the real enemy is still out there... maybe working alongside humans won't be so bad. I'm just not sure what I can do to make them forgive me."

"You can't _make_ anyone forgive you." Mara snaps. "That's not how it works. The humans hate you. Like, like they REALLY hate you. They hate me too. The most we can do is just be our best selves. Maybe they will forgive us over time. And if not? We'll deserve that hatred too."

Something clears up in Beelzebub's mind. A fog lifts, making him blink several times.

"You're right. We don't deserve forgiveness. And since that's the case, we'll have to work hard to earn it."

He shoots Mara faint smile. "Thanks for the talk."

Mara rolls her eyes. "I liked you better when you fired off quips and kicked everyone's ass."

"Staying the same for all eternity sounds quite boring." Beelzebub muses. "I like to shake things up every now and again."

Mara rises to her feet. After dusting off the back of her black leather armor, she gives Beelzebub a thumbs up.

"Be seeing you."

She activates a Tarot Card, then vanishes from the spot.

After a minute or two, Beelzebub purses his lips.

"Maybe there's something unique that only _I_ can do..."

---

In the chaos following the Stormbringer Tribunal, Jason had his hands tied with constant busywork. Placing spells upon all of those given the unexpected right to survival took him several days. If any of the guilty-judged demons or humans ever turn against humanity in the future, they will suffer unbearable, soul-rending pain thanks to the Wordsmith's magic.

Now, only three days later, Jason finally concludes this round of busywork.

He and his wife take a bit of time off to relax at the eastern side of humanity's largest settlement, a remote area that has yet to be colonized, and not far from the place where Kar fell to the Battle Brothers. Here, a makeshift graveyard has been formed, populated with stones marked for those who were unable to be revived following Stormbringer and other earlier conflicts.

But Jason and Phoebe don't take a day off to visit the graveyard. They go further out, to the edge of the wilderness. There, Jason summons a picnic table and some food for him and his wife to eat. They sit next to each other and lovingly wrap one arm around the other's back while using their free hand to munch on some sandwiches and soup.

In this small forest clearing, the distant sounds of Tarus II's city center are so faint as to be utterly inaudible. Here, the Wordsmith and his wife can simply enjoy a rare moment of peace and quiet.

It helps that Jason has erected a magical privacy field so he and his wife can speak in peace without fear of Demila or others listening in on them.

"This is nice." Phoebe says, smiling up at Jason. "I needed a day off."

"We both did." Jason acknowledges. "God. I have so much bullshit to deal with these days. Neil hasn't wasted any time recently. He's always making little gains here and there. I know what he's doing, and he knows I know, but we both still seemingly have to pretend he's being extra sneaky. I have no idea how to deal with him."

"You can't lock him up." Phoebe says. "Hope would just free him when he gets back."

"And I can't kill him either. Neil's extremely popular. Especially after that crap with Beelzebub... now he's really started turning the people against me."

Several long seconds of silence follow. Phoebe spoons some lemon pudding into her mouth and savors its taste.

"Maybe it really is time..." Phoebe mutters.

"To split humanity in half?" Jason asks.

"Yeah. One half goes inside the Cube. The other half stays on Tarus II. We need a backup solution... just in case."

Jason tosses his hand in annoyance. "We can't take the Belial Booster or the other facilities with us, though. They'll have to stay here. And do you think Neil or Hope is going to let the demons keep using it? No way."

Thanks to Jason's privacy field, neither of the two worries too much anyone will hear their casual words.

Not that it matters. Jason and his wife are already pretty sure Demila knows about the Cube, at least in a general manner.

"If the Plague randomly attacks Tarus II tomorrow, it will be too late to make any preparations." Jason reasons. "Hell. Maybe you're right. Let Hope and Neil have Tarus II. You and I can lead humanity on the Cube."

He frowns.

"Although... splitting humanity has a lot of problems. For one, I'm currently keeping Hope and Neil's more violent tendencies in check. If I leave, Neil will probably start ramping up to attack demonkind. That would go against my promise of peace..."

"If you can't kill Neil because of Hope," Phoebe reasons, "and if Hope is himself such a problem... why don't you...?"

She makes a cutting motion across her neck. Jason's frown deepens.

"Do you really want me to kill Hope? He's still _me_, Phoebe. We're different now, yes. But he's _me_. I can't just kill him. That's so screwed up."

"I don't want that either." Phoebe admits. "But what option do you have? You tried reasoning with him. You failed. He seriously hates your guts."

"You think he might listen to you?" Jason asks. "He probably still... loves you."

"He has Amelia now. Annette. Whatever name she's going by these days." Phoebe says. "I doubt Hope cares for me anymore."

"Haha..." Jason chuckles wryly. "Unlike me, you've never actually done anything to hurt Hope. He probably feels betrayed and like he lost you to me. I think if our positions were swapped, I might feel that way. But I can't see myself ever blaming you for what happened. I'd still love you to death, and so would he."

Phoebe chews her lower lip. "Yes. I guess. Maybe I _should_ try to reason with him..."

The two of them resume their eating. When they start to feel full, Jason speaks a Word of Power and instantly empties their bellies, allowing them to keep eating again.

"Convenient!" Phoebe laughs. "I can eat all the sweets I want, all the yummy things, and you can make sure I don't ever fatten like a pig or let my teeth rot away!"

"I love eating good food." Jason chuckles. "It's pretty cool I can munch on as much as I want with no repercussions. Man should not possess this much power."

"You can also give yourself nearly unlimited stamina." Phoebe says playfully, winking at him. "It's a miracle I've only gotten pregnant twice."

"Hah!" Jason snorts. "And I thought I was the crude one."

He lovingly rubs his wife's belly.

"Can't wait until Timothy makes his way into our lives."

"Will we have time to properly raise him?" Phoebe ponders. "We're always so busy these days. And there was that vision you had..."

"It's just a vision." Jason says. "If you look at the future, you change the future. I can always try looking again... even though last time was pretty scary. Right now though, I'm more concerned with the past."

"Oh? What happened in the past?" Phoebe asks.

"I'm not sure. And that's the crux of the issue." Jason explains. "I had a long talk with Unarin, you see. We discovered all sorts of things by bouncing info off each other. The attack on Valhalla, the Plague from another galaxy... it's all a mess. I need a reliable way to peer into the past."

"Maybe you could do what Camael once did. You could make magical artifacts." Phoebe suggests. "Some sort of scrying crystal, maybe?"

"I'm a Wordsmith, not an Artifact-smith." Jason says. "That seems a little out of my skillset."

He and Phoebe finish their food, then erase the table from existence so they can lay on their backs in the grass and gaze up at the midday sky.

"Hmm... if I get some more free time, I wanna go racing." Phoebe yaps. "I haven't gotten to jump in a car and race around a track in months."

"We don't have a lot of time for leisure." Jason points out. "I still need to pay Marie Becker a visit. Plus I need to start building a safe place for human civilization inside the Cube. And what about our wartime capabilities? And I also need to make a device that can investigate the Plaguehosts, maybe find a way to cure them..."

"That's a lot of stuff on your plate." Phoebe points out. "Neil has Debra. Maybe you should get an assistant."

"I have an assistant." Jason replies, turning his head to look at his wife. "You."

"Hah! Think again, buster!" Phoebe laughs. "I've got my own projects, and more of them than you can imagine! I don't have time to be running your errands."

Jason nods seriously. "That's true. Hmm... an assistant. She'll have to be cute, attractive, nice butt..."

"Hey!" Phoebe snaps playfully. "'She' who? Who said you'd get a _lady_ assistant?! I'll refer you to a musclehead with a six-pack."

"So you can ogle him?" Jason asks.

"So I can ogle him, mhm."

Jason lets out a laugh, and so does Phoebe.

Having lived with each other for six years, they don't mind teasing one another about these things. Neither of them takes the other's threats seriously, as they both know their true loyalties.

Eventually, after some time has passed, Jason pulls himself to a sitting position. He glances at the midday sun and sighs when he realizes it's begun its descent to the second half of the day.

"Wanna go pay Samantha a visit?" Jason asks.

Phoebe nods. "Oh, sure. But why her specifically?"

"To make sure the baby's doing okay." Jason says with a shrug. "Can't hurt to get a second opinion."

"We already bugged her a few days ago." Phoebe points out. "She's been doing a lot of overtime recently, healing the soldiers who come back injured from the Cube's training areas."

"Phoebe." Jason says pointedly. "Samantha... she loves you, you know. She's always excited when you show up. You light up her day."

"What do you mean?" Phoebe asks, also pulling herself into a seated position.

"You know what I mean. She's more than a little jealous of me." Jason says softly. "She... well, if you and I weren't a thing, she'd be all over you."

"No, that can't be right." Phoebe says, with a wave of her hand. "Sam and I are just friends."

"Ahaha..." Jason laughs, his tone slightly awkward. "You serious?"

"Of course I am. Jason, come on. Samantha and I aren't like that."

For a brief moment, the husband and wife both fall silent.

Jason wipes his thumb across his nose.

"Ahh. Well. Forget I said anything, then. Poor Sam..."

Phoebe's eyes flicker. "She... she _really_ likes me in that way? She never said..."

"I seem to recall her giving you a big kiss after one of your race victories." Jason points out. "You didn't find that odd?"

"I thought it was a friendly kiss!" Phoebe protests. "Oh my god, am I completely blind? Looking back, it seems kind of obvious..."

"Haha!" Jason laughs, more sincerely this time. "You might be!"

He cleans away any leftovers from their picnic with his Wordsmithing, then he and Phoebe both turn to face the city. Jason clears his throat.

"**Normalize.**"

Immediately, the transparent privacy barrier engulfing them vanishes, allowing the distant sounds of civilization to slowly rise back to normal levels.

"...Oh, boy." Phoebe murmurs. "Now we return."

"Yup. Now we retur-" Jason starts to say, only to pause mid-sentence.

He and Phoebe both turn to the left in unison, where they see a familiar gold-skinned Psion stepping out of a gap in space.

"Demila." Jason says neutrally. "Were you...?"

[Waiting for you to exit your private mating ritual.] Demila says authoritatively. [Indeed, I was. Your Wordsmithing is quite interesting. My senses could not pierce that strange vacuum enveloping your forms. Truly remarkable.]

Jason lightly licks his lips. "Why'd you come to see me?"

Demila does not immediately answer. Instead, she hovers in place, half a foot off the ground, with her arms folded behind her back. She says nothing, but intently scrutinizes the Wordsmith's face, as well as Phoebe's.

[You are unaware.] Demila says, her words sounding like a mixture between a question and a statement.

"Unaware of what?" Phoebe asks, feeling mildly annoyed by this disturbance right after her and Jason's delightful picnic.

[Does the name 'Serris' mean anything to you?] Demila asks, still continuing to carefully observe Jason and Phoebe's every facial movement, as well as every beat of their hearts.

"No..." Jason says slowly, while starting to frown. "Why? _Should it_?"

Once again, several seconds pass. Having satisfied some unspoken curiosity, Demila's posture becomes less intense. She leans back and mentally sighs.

[Where is your clone, Hope Hiro?]

"I don't know, exactly." Jason says, as a sudden sinking feeling opens in the pit of his stomach. "Last I heard, he went into the Labyrinth to... hunt down... Mephisto. And Yama, as well..."

[He lied to you.] Demila says quietly. [Our working assumption is that Hope Hiro returned to Tarus II in absolute secrecy. He stowed aboard the Hatoraxia and slinked away without anyone knowing. He has thus spent the past fourteen rotational cycles infiltrating Volgarius to further several insidious ends.]

The pit in Jason's stomach quickly turns into a miniature black hole.

"What are you saying?" He asks softly. "What did Hope do? What the fuck did he do?!"

[Two rotational cycles ago,] Demila says, [Hope Hiro traveled to a secret Volgrim research base on a moon known as Serris. It was the location of our most closely-guarded Vault. The place where we stored all of humanity's recovered artifacts.]

Jason's legs begin to shake. "Holy shit. He stole the artifacts, didn't he? Wait... was Solomon's Crown there? And Excalibur?!"

[They were.] Demila says, in an oddly-mild tone. [In total, Hope Hiro stole roughly one thousand artifacts. Well. He would not refer to this action as 'stealing,' because he viewed the artifacts as humanity's property, but that definition is up for debate. More importantly...]

Demila pauses for half-a-second.

[...Hope battled Confessor Vulpanix. He killed her, then took a Celestial Designer hostage, along with many of our elite Technopath researchers. For your information, that Celestial Designer was Psymin Miralax. You should be familiar with her name.]

Jason shakily nods his head. Something about Demila's tone tells him she's barely even told him the worst news.

"And w-what then?" Jason asks, his voice hoarse. "Did he do anything else?"

[Indeed. There was one last thing...] Demila says quietly. [Hope unleashed the power of Excalibur. He destroyed Moonbase Serris. He killed forty billion Volgrim.]

"Oh, Jesus jumped-up Christ!" Jason exclaims, finally losing the strength in his legs. He collapses to his knees, his entire body wracked with horror and a sickening feeling of nausea. "No, no god, how could he... he wouldn't... how the hell?! WHAT IS HE THINKING?!"

Phoebe also drops to Jason's level. She feels equally nauseous at the unexpected news, but compared to Jason, who can't help but mentally place himself in Hope's shoes, she only feels a distant disgust and horror at his actions.

For Jason, though, this revelation reminds him all too clearly of how he slaughtered millions of demons during Stormbringer's conclusion. He all-too-vividly recalls the rage in his mind and how shockingly simple it was to obliterate them from existence...

"Where... oh god... where is Hope now?" Jason asks, clenching his stomach and trying not to puke.

[We're not certain.] Demila says. [Not long after Serris's destruction, I received an order from Founder Unarin. Are you aware of the human known as Amelia Greyheart?]

Jason's heartrate spikes. "She's Hope's girlfriend! Fiance! I don't even know- never mind that, what did you do with her?"

[Me? Nothing.] Demila says. [But not long after Hope's attack, Amelia Greyheart vanished from Tarus II. It seems that Hope hid her from us. Neil Adams is still here, though. We suspect... Hope is testing us. He has not returned to Tarus II. But neither does he need to...]

As the seconds pass, Jason wraps his brain around more and more of the implications of what Demila is telling him.

"Hope has... the Crown... Excalibur... a thousand other artifacts. Holy hell. What am I even supposed to do? I don't have a hundredth the power he does now. This is ridiculous!"

"We need to confront Neil." Phoebe says. "I bet he'll know what's going on. He probably put Hope up to the whole operation."

Demila nods sagely. [What Hope has done is more terrible than you can possibly understand. Serris was one of three black-level research planets the Volgrim Empire could never afford to lose. It was in charge of hundreds of Founder-level projects even I know nothing about. By destroying Serris and killing all of those loyal Technopaths, Hope has set our war effort back tens of thousands of cycles. He has effectively made it impossible for us to win the War. Even more so, we are very likely to lose entirely now, and sooner than ever. When we fall, so too shall humanity.]

The Creator leans toward Jason and Phoebe.

[I do not know what actions you will choose to take next, but I _strongly_ advise that you move quickly and with purpose. The war is unending. Once it reaches your world, it will already be too late. We can no longer advance without your help, Wordsmith.]

Jason nods numbly. He shakily rises his his feet, his face as pale as snow.

"I... I understand. I'll think of something quickly. For now... Phoebe and I... need to confront Neil."

Demila slowly blinks her eyes.

[I will go with you.]