Part 024: Violence Begets Violence

Nonchalantly, I step into an interrogation room and walk toward a table. It's a barebones chamber, constructed hastily with my Wordsmithing.

The demon eyeballs me warily as I sit on the opposite side of the table from him. He's a sturdy-looking fellow with decent muscles, standing just over six feet tall. His tangled black hair hangs off his head in clumps, giving him a slightly ratty appearance, but with a shower, he'd clean up fine. Two burly minotaurs stand guard behind him, each armed with a nasty-looking halberd, but I wave them out as I take my seat. I won't need their protection. 

My guest is only a Demon _Lord_.

"I ain't sayin' nothin'," The demon snaps. "Do your worst."

I've grown used to the red skin and horns most demons have, as well as their blood-red eyes, but what never fails to surprise me is how smartly they dress. This guy's pinstripe suit is still torn up from the battle, splotched with his blood in several places, but I can tell he enjoys dressing dapper. My mental image of the average demon has always been that they are a lot like rabid animals, keen to tear humans apart, but seeing them like this changes things. Now I have the notion that they're quite sophisticated and more than capable of intelligent thought. It seems Beelzebub and Agares aren't outliers.

"If you say so," I reply. "I want to ask you a few questions before we release you. You don't have to answer, but these aren't particularly invasive."

The demon flicks his gaze behind himself. "You sent the guards out. Don't you value your life?"

"Naturally, I do, but you don't frighten me."

"Uh-huh. What's with the... the glowing eyes?" He squints to examine my face. "Ain't never seen a fleshbag with eyes like those. You some kinda shapeshifter or somethin'?"

"I'm asking the questions here, but... yes. I suppose you could say that." 

Truthfully, I'm not lying. I can change my shape, after all. Hell, I wonder if I could change everything about my looks. Might be worth a shot, sometime. "What's your name?"

The demon leans back in his seat. "I guess I can tell you that much. It's Paimon."

"Nice to meet you, mister Paimon." I hold my hand out toward him, but he merely stares at it for a few seconds.

"What the hell kind of spell are you tryin'a cast?"

I retract my hand. _Ugh. Monsters and demons seem to have no concept of shaking hands._ "Never mind. I'm Jason. I want to know why the demons attacked us. Can you tell me that much?"

He squirms in his seat. "You're gonna let me go if I tell you?"

"Whether you tell me or not, after I finish asking questions, you'll be free to leave."

He reaches up and rubs his chin thoughtfully. "What kinda dumb interrogation is this? Everyone knows torture is the best way to make someone talk."

"Do you want me to torture you?"

His face reddens. "N-no."

I shrug. "Where I come from, there have been studies regarding the low correlation between torture and reliable information. Besides, I'll be asking the other dozen of your friends these same questions. I'm playing the odds by assuming someone will talk."

"Huh. Interesting." He crosses his arms again and stares at me stonily for a few moments. "Maybe you are just a fleshbag. Ain't no demon or monster I know who'd say the shit you do."

"Perhaps. Would you like to answer the question, or should I move to the next one?"

Paimon looks at the blank walls around us before sighing. "Hah... you're either dumb or smart as hell. I can't figure you out. Fine. The official orders are to wait for a signal from the Dukes before retaking the Core, but some of the Lords thought it would be a good chance to reap some souls. We decided to gather up a bunch of slayers and attack all at once."

"Worked out well for you," I muse.

"Nobody likes a smartass."

I nod. "Would you care for anything to eat? Drink?"

Paimon's jaw slackens. "Now you're offering me grub? Are you pranking me?"

"No. It's just been several hours since the battle. I'm starting to get a little hungry myself. Thought I'd offer."

The demon smirks. "Guess that settles it. You _are_ a fleshbag after all. Demons don't get hungry or thirsty, pal."

"Perhaps. Thank you for your answer, by the way."

"Maybe I lied."

I nod again. "If you did, and anyone else answers the question, we'll have two conflicting answers. I don't think you lied, though. You look fairly honest."

"Oh? Got me all figured out, huh? Maybe I'm planning to jump you and cut your throat open."

"I'd advise against that. If you manage to kill me, you won't get out of here alive. Oh, and you won't win if we clash. Don't press your luck."

Paimon sags slightly in his seat. "I'm just messing around. Doesn't matter; you won't let me go, anyway."

"Why do you say that?"

"Because fleshbags lie."

"And demons don't?"

Paimon licks his lips. "You know what I mean."

"Sure. Next question. Do you hate all humans?"

He blinks in surprise. "What? What kinda moronic-"

"Just answer it, if you want. Yes or no?"

"Yeah! Duh!" Paimon straightens up in his chair and slaps the table. I don't flinch. "You're all pathetic! Weak! Just food for us to eat! Once you were 'sposed to be these unstoppable beasts, devastating everything and ripping us apart, but now you ain't shit!"

I cock my head slightly. "You hate us because we're weak?"

"Obviously! Nothin' worse than a little shit who can't fight back! Even imps gotta fight to prove themselves."

"So, I suppose you'd say power and respect are essential to demons?"

"Obviously." Paimon starts to stand up but pauses. "Err, my legs are cramped. Mind if I stretch?"

"Sure. Go ahead. Don't try anything stupid, though. I don't want to hurt you."

"Hurt me. Psh." Paimon walks over to a wall and rubs his back against it. "Like that could ever happen."

"You said you value respect and power. Would you respect me if I proved to you that I could crush you without trying?"

He pauses and stares at me. "Is that a challenge?"

"Sure."

"If I attack you, I know how this goes. I kill you; the monsters come in and kill me. I'm outnumbered a thousand to one."

"Didn't you say you thought we weren't going to release you? Maybe you could take me as a hostage."

"What the hell good would a fleshbag hostage be? Ain't no monster that'll care if I have you at claw-point or not."

"You don't find it odd the monsters show deference to me? I'm obviously someone important."

Paimon glances away for a moment. I watch in silence as the gears turn in his mind. Something triggers in his head, and he suddenly bolts for me, but he's far too slow. An invisible telekinetic wave reaches out of my mind and smashes into him from the side, knocking him across the table and battering him against the wall.

"Guhuk!" The demon coughs in pain, then jumps at me again. This time, I calmly lean forward and rest my chin in my palm before delivering another psychic barrage to him, knocking him away from me toward the far wall. He hits with enough force that if he were a human, I'd have broken his spine. Since he's a demon, however, he merely slumps to the ground for a moment.

"W-what the hell?! How... how did you..."

While he breathes heavily, I sigh dramatically. "I told you, didn't I? You can't hope to beat me."

"That was you?! No way! No fleshbag has magic like that!" Paimon rises to his feet and wipes some blood from his lips before cautiously slinking back into his seat. "Maybe you're a shapeshifter after all. Ain't never met one with invisible fists, though."

"Anything's possible, I suppose. Are you okay? I can heal you if you like."

He scowls. "Shut up. I barely even felt those pathetic attacks. At least I know you ain't bluffin' now."

"Your wrist looks broken."

Paimon flicks his eyes down to his hand. "Maybe a little."

"I can heal it. I don't want you to be in pain."

"The hell does that mean?" 

Slowly I raise my head and pretend to look at the ceiling. My eyes don't see anything, of course, but he doesn't have to know that. "Not all humans are weak. Not all humans hate demons. I believe, in time, the demons could be convinced to hold similar views. Something tells me I could lead demons and humans to stop their fighting and seek common ground."

Paimon curses. "Devils. Now you're talking like a fleshbag again. I can't pin you down — what a bunch of crap. Demons need fleshbags for souls. As long as that's true-"

"Don't humans who die of natural causes have their souls trapped in the River Styx?"

My interruption catches Paimon off-guard. "W-what? Yeah, sure. They're always old or weak, though. Young, fertile bodies give the most soul power."

"Do you need souls to live?"

He licks his lips again. "I suppose not. We're immortal."

"So the only reason you need souls is..."

"To mutate into stronger forms!"

"Greed, in other words."

Paimon leans forward slightly. A thoughtful expression crosses his face. "Well, yeah. I suppose. Who'd wanna be stuck in the body of an imp?"

"Not me," I admit. "But then, I am blessed."

"Tch. No kidding."

A long minute passes. Neither of us says anything.

Paimon rubs his wrist. "Err, say, is that offer to heal my wrist still on the table?"

"Of course."

"How many more questions I gotta answer before you do that?"

"I told you, Paimon. You don't have to answer any of my questions. I'll heal your wrist right now if you like."

For the first time since I've met him, the demon smiles. He grins, revealing his razor-sharp teeth without looking menacing or threatening. "Shit. Maybe I pegged you wrong, after all. Hit me with more questions, if you've got 'em."

"Certainly. Let me see your hand."

---

An hour later, Paimon grins at me as the two minotaurs enter the room. His expression is almost like that of a long-lost child returning to his parent's embrace. "Say, uh, Jason?"

"Hmm?"

"You're releasing me, right?"

I nod.

"Do... do I have to leave?"

"For now, yes. I'll release the other demons, too."

He slicks back his hair. "Damn. I hope they give you the answers you need, then. You're different from anyone I've ever met."

"Answers? No, I'm not going to question them. You fulfilled every query, after all. I know you didn't lie. You're all free to go."

"Seriously? Whoa." He glances at the minotaurs, then back to me. "Say, what was that thing you did earlier? With the hand."

"Oh, that was just a greeting. Where I come from, friends press their hands together and shake. We also do that for goodbyes."

"Friends?" Paimon glances away for a moment before bashfully jabbing his open palm across the table. "Th-then I guess if you shake my hand, that makes us...?"

I pause for three full seconds before smiling and taking his hand in mine. After shaking twice, I pull away. "Friends."

Paimon quickly stands up, nearly knocking his chair over. His body language is ridiculously giddy, and he smiles from ear to ear. "Jeez. I... I've never been friends with a fleshb- err, a human before. You're something else, Jason. I wish you the best of luck."

"Same, Paimon. Perhaps in a few months, I'll have a way for you to come back and visit us. For now, I advise staying away... for your safety."

He nods. "I understand. I'll try and talk to other demons I know. You've got the right ideas about unification. I'd never considered another way until I spoke to you. Well, uh, anyway... guess I'll be going, then."

He lingers for a moment before the minotaurs usher him out the door. After he leaves, a minute passes, and Neil enters the room.

"How did the interrogation go, my liege? We're ready to send in the next one."

"Don't bother. Paimon answered every question and didn't lie once. Release all the other demons along with him."

I stand up from the table and stretch, watching as Neil squints in surprise.

"He answered all your questions? Ridiculous. Demons don't talk to humans."

"Maybe not as a rule, but Paimon did. I may have lucked out and found an open-minded fellow, but I doubt that. He seemed emblematic of most demons. He gives me hope in my convictions. You treated the other demons well, right?"

I walk around the table to open the door, and Neil nods. "Yes, my liege. After we send them out, I'll have the Great Doors sealed shut. Is there anything else you'd like me to do?"

"No. That's enough for today. I need to get to work on human society. I want you to start scanning for human worlds. I'd like to concentrate on moving liberated populations to a few core worlds, leaving the old ones behind. If we unite the populations of hundreds of worlds into just a few, that'll give us greater numbers and allow us to focus our efforts on protecting more defensible planets. How many human worlds are out there, anyway?"

"Several hundred. I don't have accurate counts, yet, but I'll order an inquiry at once."

"Perfect."

We leave the interrogation chambers and head outside, down a few hallways, and into the Core once again. After a minute, I sigh. "I just hope Amelia will be so easy to convince."

"My liege?"

"Nothing. I'm making small talk."

_Yeah,_ I think to myself. _Just small talk._