Part 019: A Taste of the Good Life

**[Recommended Listening](https://youtu.be/DNOu2xijyH0)**

My skirt flaps in the wind as I run through a field of wheat. Before me, a juicy snack runs with all her strength, trying desperately to escape my clutches.

"Oh my gosh! Slow down, lady!" I call out cheerfully, but for some reason, she doesn't listen! 

The panicking woman screams in terror and trips over a rock. She falls to her side and hits the ground hard enough to lose her breath. "D-demon! Monster! Please, no! Stay away! I have a family and children! Don't hurt me!!"

"You've got a whole family too?! Oh, boy, it's my lucky day!" 

I skip gaily over to the woman and yank her up by the front of her dress. "If you tell me where they are, I'll make this quick!"

Her eyes bulge. "No, gods! Save me! Somebody help! HELLLP!!"

_Aw, man. She isn't going to squeal. Bummer._ 

I sigh and promptly unhinge my jaw, preparing to devour her like all the others today. "Too bad!"

With a quick flick of my wrist, I toss her flailing body ten feet in the air and catch it head-first in my mouth, squealing in delight as I bite down and savor all the blood and entrails. Ooh! She tastes way better than the others!

The woman's lip-smacking goodness rolls around in my mouth as I savor every drop of iron-rich blood. The bone-marrow is probably the yuckiest part, but it goes down without much resistance.

A glance around the farm after I finish reveals that the woman's husband and children have fled. Men are such wimps. There was once a time when I'd have to watch out for a militia, but that was long before Joan stuffed me in that stupid statue. Humans these days are utterly defenseless!

Blaarjiim smiles in my mind. "Well done, my queen. That makes two hundred and four in the last hour."

I pull my jaw back together and crack my neck. "Ohh, it takes too long to eat these snacks one by one! My teeth hurt!"

While I rub my chin, Blaarjiim looks my blue dress up and down. "You're covered in blood, my queen. Perhaps you should find a river so that you can bathe and wash your clothes."

"Oh, phooey. I'll just get dirty again. Besides, I don't have to look cute for anyone! Well, other than you, but I know you don't mind the sight of blood."

Blaarjiim chuckles. "Hehe... how right you are."

I scan the horizon for a moment, squinting to look for movement. I've already cleared out most of the farms in the area, but the woman said she had a family... they must be hiding somewhere nearby. "Blaarjiim, sweetie, don't keep me waiting. Give me some good news."

My best friend spins in a circle. "You don't need to ask twice, my queen. I've already investigated the area to look for signs of life. To the west, there are a few birds, and a rodent scampering around in the house. Oh, and three warm bodies behind a hay bale to the north-west." He absentmindedly points toward a bale blending in with some dry, cracked yellow grass a half-mile away. "Two children and a man, it seems."

"Yay! Children are the juiciest!"

My feet kick up dust as I skip from the green grass into the yellow field and whistle merrily along the way. A six-year-old girl shrieks at the top of her lungs and bolts from behind the bale, her little brother following in hot pursuit. "Janey! Janey!!" A man jumps out from behind the bale of hay, a shovel in his hand. His entire body shakes in terror. "Fiend! I'll- I'll end you myself!"

I wiggle my finger at him and lean forward, showing him my brightest smile. "Big words, mister! Your wifey-poo screamed for help, but you let her die like the shameless coward you are! What are you gonna do with that shovel, anyway? Surely you're not going to hit a cute little girl like-"

The man leaps forward, howling at the top of his lungs. "MONSTER! DIE!"

I reward his bravery by standing perfectly still and letting his shovel smash against my face. Naturally, his pitiful attack does nothing. "Was that IT? Oh gee golly whiz, I thought you were a big strong man! I didn't even flinch!"

The man pulls away, a look of panic on his face. "You're... you're not human!!"

With a shrug of my shoulders, I sigh. "Yeah. I get that a lot."

After an awkward silence, I jump at the man and break his neck in one quick motion. His clothes are nasty, so I tear them off before hurling his body into my gaping maw. 

Yeck. He tastes terrible. Far worse than his wife did.

"Aaaooo... Blaarjiim, my tummy feels awful."

He nods comfortingly. "I know, my queen, but you must endure the pain. You've already grown significantly from your former self. By human reckoning, you appear nearly sixteen years old. Soon, you'll return to your full power."

I glance down and examine myself. Already my kiddish body has begun filling out into an adult figure. "How many have I eaten?"

"Around twenty thousand, by my reckoning."

"That isn't nearly enough." 

My eyes sweep into the distance. I can barely make out the forms of the little boy and girl fleeing for their lives. They won't make it far.

Blaarjiim slips a note of curiosity into his voice. "Oh? You sound worried. Does your concern have anything to do with the mortal?"

"I don't know what you're talking about."

"The Wordsmith. You left him behind with the rest of his kind. You should have dragged him along." Blaarjiim growls in annoyance. "They might heal him."

"Unlikely. Bahamut doesn't have the healing technology the humans did during the Energy Wars. Demons won't heal him. He won't be able to Wordsmith. There's no issue."

A minute passes. Blaarjiim doesn't say anything. I start to walk toward the boy and the girl, pleased he's finally shut his trap, but then he speaks again. "Your heart has grown attached to the mortal. I sense your conflicting emotions when he is near. When he summoned the wall of flame, you confided in me that his latent power was terrifying. Despite this, you revealed your weakness to him, and now he knows that you're no match against the higher demons. Even paralyzed, he could give that information to them and-"

"And what, Blaarjiim?!" I burst into anger and grab his orb out of my purse to glare at it. "He can't speak, and he can't move! Jason's just a lump of flesh rotting in a bed! No demon will heal a human, and humans can't treat him, either. He's as good as dead, so why do you care?!"

Blaarjiim cocks his head. "Ah. I understand, now. I see why you didn't bring him along."

His reversal makes me hesitate. "You... you do?"

"Mmm." He rubs his chin thoughtfully. "You plan to heal and challenge him to combat. You must still feel the sting of defeat even to this day, so your ultimate goal is to beat him and redeem yourself."

Blaarjiim's conjecture proves to be entirely wrong, but still, my cheeks burn red. "Th-that's not true."

"Of course, it's true. I know my queen all too well." Blaarjiim smirks haughtily. "I don't blame you for what happened, Lady Amelia. You were unprepared for Joan's power, and she caught you off-guard. Had your fight taken place under different circumstances, you'd-"

"Stop, Blaarjiim. I don't want to hear about her." My voice wavers slightly. "Can't we talk about something else? You're depressing me. Sometimes I wonder if you like seeing me cry."

My closest friend in the whole universe bows his head. "That isn't true."

"Yes. I know." 

Minutes pass. I stare into the sky, feeling the warmth of the sun beat upon my chest.

My hand rubs Blaarjiim's orb, almost instinctively, before placing it back in my purse. I pause to tap Hoarhiim's orb as well. "Sunshine here still hasn't said a word."

"Hoarhiim continues to rest. I've never seen him in such a state," Blaarjiim muses. "We've wasted enough time. The children continue to flee. It would be unlike you to let them go."

I force myself to smile. "Don't worry your pretty little face. I won't let those snacks escape. I need their souls to break Joan's seal."

After a moment of hesitation, I jam my shoe into the dirt and leap up, scanning ahead for the children in a cornfield up ahead. A few stalks of corn move, and I lick my lips. _Snacks._

It only takes a minute for me to dash after them, whistling loudly to scare them and make them run faster. "Helloooo! Are there any children hiding in the corn? Let's play Hide and Eat!"

A squeak from the little girl catches my attention. I spot a flash of brown as she charges further into the corn. Unfortunately for her, there's no escaping my maw.

With a hop, I gently leap a hundred feet forward, land right in her path, and giggle as the six-year-old slams into my legs. The dread on her face gives me the shivers. "You're a cutie! Where's your brother?"

She doesn't let out a word, so I grab her by the neck and lift her into the air. "Well, if you won't tell me, I'll just have to find him mys-"

"My queen!" Blaarjiim's voice fills with alarm. "I-it can't be!"

I pause mid-sentence and try not to look too annoyed as the child squirms and tries to unwrap my fingers from her neck. "What? What is it?"

"M-my brother's orb... it's..."

I steal a glance down at my purse — every fiber of my being freezes.

Hoarhiim's orb is gone.