Part 519: The Artificer

Eight hours after the conclusion of the battle on Tarus II, Archangel Uriel continues to sit atop a building in the center of the primary human city, the Fortress of Retribution. This building happens to be the entrance to the main underground shelter where the civilians were taken during Mephisto's attack, a reinforced bunker intended to safeguard them from anything, even an atomic blast.

Uriel sits atop the giant Wordsmithium dome encasing the bunker with a blank expression, silently watching as the humans far below her slowly swarm like ants, moving undead corpses around, cleaning up the streets, and otherwise rebuilding their city.

To her right, left, and behind, Michael, Raphael, and Gabriel also sit facing four different directions, their bodies of light giving them distinct and unmistakable appearances. She has long grown capable of recreating their original forms with her magic, though their power naturally pales in comparison to when they roamed the cosmos a hundred thousand years before.

As they sit, Raphael meditates, keeping his eyes closed while muttering and grumbling under his breath.

"Hmph. Hmm... hmmmm..."

Ever since Mephisto's attack concluded, Raphael has been making these noises.

Finally, Uriel reaches her breaking point. She slowly turns her head to the side to look at her older brother's back.

"Raphael. Thy... _grunts_ art getting on my nerves."

Raphael doesn't answer for a few moments. He slowly opens his eyes, then clears his throat before craning his head to meet Uriel's gaze.

"Ah. Apologies, sister. Was I speaking out loud?"

"Not speaking." Uriel clarifies. "Speaking would have been more tolerable. Thou were making... grumbling noises... _incessantly_."

"Oh. I hadn't realized." Raphael says apologetically, returning his gaze to face forward once more. "Tis' just... I have much on my mind."

Michael pipes up, not bothering to turn around and look at his eldest brother. "Regarding?"

"That Dosena..." Raphael murmurs. "Verily, she mayeth be a 'mere' Mid Cosmic, but she possesseth abilities most frightening. When she emerged from the Warpgate, she traversed the distance from ground to void in but a single second, yet in that instant she had already swept the entire planet with her senses multiple times. Her cognitive speed far exceeds my own."

"Thy meaning is, she is highly intelligent?" Michael asks.

"I cannot speak to her intellect." Raphael says slowly. "But the 'speed' with which she perceives reality far eclipses any of ours. Perhaps even thy own mental speed, Michael."

Michael snorts, finding his brother's claim to be a bit far-fetched. "Hah. I doubt that."

Gabriel hums quietly. "Hmm... what did the Psion discover to cause thee such distress, Raphael?"

"I do not know." Raphael says. "But I suspect anything which was once 'hidden' on this world is no longer so. Undoubtedly, Founder Dosena's ability to read the thoughts of lesser beings vastly eclipses that of the lower-ranking Psions. Tis' possible she made gains and uncovered secrets we cannot fathom."

"Then we should warn Neil Adams about this matter." Uriel concludes. "Let the big-brained human leader figure the situation out."

"Aye. We can do that later, after I have thought some more." Raphael murmurs.

He and the other Archangels once again fall silent, continuing to gaze out in the four different directions, each of them having different thoughts on their minds.

"Had Founder Dosena failed to show up, I am not certain how the battle would have ended." Gabriel muses. "The humans lack power. The Wordsmiths have techniques aplenty, but the False Dragon was too durable for them to injure. He may have won had the Volgrim Empire not dispatched their mightiest Psion."

"Hah. Do not jest." Raphael laughs wryly. "That Psion had no interest in protecting humanity. She merely desired the dragon bones comprising Mephisto's body. As well, she may have sought information regarding that mana signature belonging to our sister..."

"Which sister was she?" Michael asks, turning his head slightly, though not quite getting a good enough angle to look behind himself at Raphael. "Not Camael. Someone else."

"I did not recognize her signature." Raphael mutters. "As far as I could tell, she was but an ordinary Seraph from the Primordial Era."

"What? A mere Seraph?" Michael asks, aghast. "And yet she possessed such power?"

"She fell during the ancient times." Raphael explains. "One of a billion-billion others. Too many fell during those old wars. Thus, when she appeared, she must have retained the power she possessed prior to her death."

Uriel shifts on her butt a little, turning her body a smidge to better face Raphael's back. "We are Archangels, yet our power doth not compare to a Seraph from the primordial age. Brother, is there no way I can regain my full strength? Is there not some path I can walk to attain the power I once held, eons ago?"

Raphael shakes his head. "Not while thou continueth to possess that accursed demonic body. But perhaps, shoulds't thou formeth a new vessel, thou mayeth yet restore what thou hath long ago lost."

A faint fire ignites in Uriel's eyes. "So, tis' possible?"

"Again. I am not certain." Raphael says glumly. "We no longer possess the power of creation. That was lost when Uzziel fell. Her remnant soul lacks the powers she once possessed. She cannot help us. Verily, our only prayer of success requireth the Wordsmith's assistance, but they are still dim of mind and unable to offer the specific help we need.

Uriel raises her voice an octave. "But surely-"

However, in the middle of the Archangel's conversation, a movement from below catches their eyes. Uriel stops speaking as she catches a glimpse of someone at the base of the dome. A woman with long white hair, wearing a somewhat skimpy fur-lined leather bra and loincloth ensemble jumps atop the base of the dome and slowly approaches from below.

"Ah! Excuse me! Great Archangels! Am I... interrupting?"

The woman pauses, clearly not wanting to offend the winged creatures perched atop the reinforced dome's center.

Uriel swallows her words, deciding to leave that discussion for later. "Thy name is?"

"It's Sariah, my lady." The woman says, quickly bowing her head. "I'm Brunhilda's confidante. I'm a Felorian."

"A Felorian." Uriel repeats, the name failing to register in her mind. "Dost thou requireth our assistance?"

The woman stands meekly, not wanting to get too close and offend any of the Archangels. "I was wondering if I could speak to the Eldest Archangel, Father Raphael? I have a problem... but if you're busy, I can leave. It's not a big deal."

Raphael sighs. He stands up and pops his back, then turns to face the woman below.

"Not a big problem, thou sayeth, yet thou seeketh out the Archangel of Wisdom. Were this matter as mundane as thou claimeth, thou surely woulds't hath many a friendly ear to pull upon. What matter requires my intervention, little one?"

The woman smiles faintly, then takes a few steps forward. "Great Archangel, I am a craftswoman of the Felorians. I forge our armor and weapons. I imbue them with Qi in order to empower our people beyond the station of what ordinary humans can achieve. But a few months ago, the First Wordsmith granted me a boon..."

Sariah launches into a short but information-dense explanation of the problem she is facing, while Raphael continues to stand atop the dome and look down at her with slowly increasing interest.

"...he empowered all of the Felorians with new abilities." Sariah explains. "In my case, he gave me the ability of 'Perception' which allowed me to see things I had never noticed before. But this has caused me a certain distress I did not expect."

"A distress, thou sayeth?" Raphael asks, lightly flapping his wings to float down to the Felorian woman's level. He stops a few paces away and smiles kindly at her. "Consider my interest piqued, young one. Continue thy tale."

The two of them stand at a slight angle near the bottom of the dome, but neither one pays much mind to the rounded incline of the shelter's roof.

"Your Excellency," Sariah continues, as polite as ever, "I have crafted more than five hundred pieces of equipment in my life. Swords, maces, battlestaffs, helmets, armor... but when I obtained the Wordsmith's gift, it allowed me to perceive thousands of flaws within my work. More flaws than I could fathom! All those incredible items I deemed to be 'artifacts' now feel to me as if they were trash meant to be cast into the ocean! I come to you seeking guidance. From what I've heard, there was once an incredible craftswoman among your people. Does she still draw breath?"

Raphael's smile slips away. He looks at the young woman, noting her earnest eyes. He quietly lets out a breath of defeat.

"Thou speaketh of Sister Camael. Verily, she hath long ago passed away. She is dead."

Sariah's shoulders slump, but not by much. "I see. I assumed that was the case. Do you happen to know anything about artifact-smithing? Maybe you picked up some tricks from her? I need any help I can get! I don't know how to proceed when all of my works are so utterly awful!"

"I take it the First Wordsmith is not able to assist thee?" Raphael asks.

"He doesn't have an eye for craftsmanship." Sariah answers. "Though he _has_ been making artifacts using his magic, it's not the same. His method isn't hands-on like the way I make them."

"Taking shortcuts, as always..." Raphael muses. "Hmm. Well, to answer thy question, Camael may hath departed us, but there art many competent and talented artisans in the galaxy. For example..."

Raphael pauses to gather his thoughts. He glances up at the sky thoughtfully, as if picking out the stars from the waning daylight to try and remember names.

"Ah, the fairies." Raphael says. "They might be able to assist thee. Indeed, the fairies art quite talented in terms of craftsmanship."

"Oh, I hadn't thought of that." Sariah says. "I could ask Miss Blinker."

"And there thou hath it." Raphael says with a smile. "The fairies shalt be able to uplift thy capabilities to the next level."

Just as Raphael thinks he's solved the problem, Uriel speaks up from behind him.

"Brother. I have another suggestion. What of the Heroes who Hope recovered?"

Raphael turns around to look up at his sister. "Hm?"

"Hope Hiro channeled several Heroic Spirits within his body as he fought Mephisto." Uriel explains. "One of them was quite familiar. Hath thou forgotten the visage of Elizabeth Kindelmann? One of the Heroic Artisans?"

"Ah yes, the Flame of Love." Raphael says, blinking his eyes slowly. "She did make an appearance, didn't she? Hmm. Verily, she woulds't make for a fine teacher in the trade of artificing."

"Elizabeth Kindelmann?" Sariah asks, uncomprehending. "Who is she?"

Raphael turns his attention back to the young woman.

"A Hungarian Hero from the 16th Century, in Earth's Calendar." The old man explains. "She was capable and competent in the art of combat, but 'twas her blacksmithing skills that made Camael take note. Indeed, my sister praised her skills, saying if little Elizabeth were immortal, she might reach the same lofty heights as the Archangel of Divination."

"She's that talented?!" Sariah crows. "Then I'd really like to meet her!"

"Aye. I imagine thou woulds't..." Raphael says, while the smile on his face turns gloomy. "Ah. But there is a problem. Hope Hiro possesses Kindelmann's artifact. On thy behalf, I shalt intervene, asking him if he woulds't allow thee to train under the Flame of Love. I believe he shalt agree to my request, but we cannot be too certain. The Second Wordsmith does not necessarily follow the same logic as he did merely a few weeks ago. Tis' hard to say how he might react."

"Oh..." Sariah mumbles, her expression deflating once again. "Well, if you could speak to him, I'd really appreciate it. My skills aren't good now, but maybe I can help you in the future? I can make artifacts for all the Archangels, or something!"

Raphael pats the young woman's shoulder. "Thou art a kind-hearted child, little one. Worry not about my needs. Tend to thine instead. I wisheth to see the uprising of humanity as much as thou surely do, so I shalt seek this favor on thy behalf."

"Thank you very much, Your Excellency." Sariah says, beaming a bright smile at Raphael. "Then... shall I leave and come back later, after you've talked to Mister Hope?"

"That would be for the best." Raphael says. "Continue trying to improve for now. It shan't take me too long to speak to the Wordsmith. But one cannot rush these matters, especially with so many major events occurring at present."

Sariah glances back at all the undead bodies being wheeled around.

"Yeah... everyone is still working on the cleanup. Sometimes I forget how little time passes in realspace. Anyway, many thanks, Archangel Raphael. I'll see you in a day or two."

The Felorian bows her head politely, then jumps off the dome and lands on the ground with ease before trotting off to somewhere unknown.

After she departs, Raphael remains standing in place for a while, thinking about even more new developments.

"So... tis' not only the Second Wordsmith who hath created a domain of time acceleration, eh? And from the sounds of it, the First Wordsmith's domain must be revolving just as fast, if not faster. Hm. Hmm... the young are truly full of energy."

Raphael shakes his head, then he turns around and shambles back up the dome to take his seat once more.

"Ahh, now what were we speaking about before that young lady interrupted us?"

Uriel blinks her eyes. "A method of ascension, brother."

"Ohh, yes. That. Quite..." Raphael murmurs.

The wizened old man turns a sly smile toward his sister. Instead of speaking aloud, he transmits a burst of thoughts to her using their unique connection, a telepathic link so secure that he's quite certain only the Wordsmiths could listen in, but if they did then he would know. Not even the Second Founder would be able to intrude on the soul-anchor linking two Archangel souls...

After Raphael finishes sending his secret communication, Uriel's expression changes drastically. A look of shock, awe, and disbelief washes across her face. Not just hers, but Michael and Gabriel's too. They hear what Raphael has said and both their mouths fall open.

"Brother. Is that truly possible?!" Uriel asks.

"Only in theory." Raphael says, still slyly smirking. "Why do you think I went to all that trouble back in the day? Michael's sacrifice served many purposes. 'Twas a tragedy to lose his body, but it gave us a long-term glimmer of hope. The only problem came in the political games between humans and angelkind. We could not rely on them as they were. The Heroes held too much sway."

"And they don't now?" Michael asks, trying not to look as dumbfounded as he feels.

"The Heroes naturally possess much sway among their people in the current era. But 'tis humanity itself that holds the keys to power." Raphael explains. "We must proceed slowly, brothers. Sister. This plan has been a long time coming. When we passed away, I believed I had failed, but now I see the project may yet bear fruit."

Gabriel looks out into the horizon as Tarus II's sun slowly dips beneath the distant peaks.

"Faith Energy... tis' more incredible than I imagined. One mayeth revive a God."

"The quantity required is, frankly, absurd." Raphael counters. "And the humans do not trust us, not that I blame them. Moreover, Uriel's soul remains attached to that demonic vessel. So long as this remains true, she can never recover her former power."

"And we lack bodies entirely." Michael says, his shock finally fading away. "So, we cannot harness Faith Energy ourselves."

"Where there is a will, there is a way." Raphael concludes. "Now, let us speak of this no longer. We've no idea who might be listening. Keep thy thoughts to thyselves."

"Of course, brother." Uriel says, her admiration for Raphael returning in full force.

She gazes down at the humans below, her thoughts swirling like a vortex, hungry for the Truths her brother has quietly revealed.

_There is a method. I mustn't give up hope. Demonkind may yet pay the price for their ancient crimes. I need only wait for Raphael's plan to bear fruit..._

---

_Inside the time-accelerated dimension known as Chrona._

Fiona hovers over Blinker as the Monster Queen's tiny body lays on a miniature hospital bed, her expression telling a story of deep fatigue.

"Still." Fiona says quietly, frowning as the word departs her lips. "It's been months. Why haven't you recovered?"

Blinker slowly closes and opens her eyes. "I don't know. I felt fine at first. I left Chrona to help fight Mephisto. I was at the top of my game. But then as the fight dragged on, I started feeling so tired... so fatigued. Once I returned, I fell into this mental slump. I can't seem to wake up. It's like my body just wants to sleep forever and ever..."

Kar stands next to Blinker's bed, his body supported by a mechanical exoskeleton. He still can't walk on his own, but at least he has a little bit of dignity.

"Hurgh. Butterfly. Maybe the fight exhausted your mana more than you thought."

"No, not even..." Blinker retorts. "It's not like when Jason ran himself dry Wordsmithing. This is different. I felt like... like the universe itself wanted me to slow down. I can't put the feeling into words."

Fiona steps to the side. She flips open several records she wrote over the last few months, including biometric tests she performed on Blinker, among other things.

"The data hasn't changed. Your body is in a state of lethargy. It's not so different from a sedentary human abruptly running a hundred kilometers without stopping. The toll on their muscles would be just as immense. But based on the footage we recorded, compared to when you fought Zamiel, you barely exerted yourself against Mephisto. I have no idea why you're still in this condition."

"Even Jason couldn't fix me." Blinker mumbles, visibly disheartened. "Maybe I'm... dying."

"I don't think you are." Fiona says quickly. "The data doesn't pan out in that way. Your body is merely... exhausted. I'm not sure why. Perhaps you simply need to rest a while longer."

"How much longer?" Blinker questions. "I can't even pick up my kids, Fiona. I can't use my magic. I can barely hold a spoon. Even staying awake right now is a struggle."

The Wordsmith's Mind-Wife doesn't have any answers.

She shrugs heavily and releases a sigh, exasperated over her helplessness.

"I can bring Samantha here." Fiona suggests. "Maybe she can heal you."

"Isn't Sam busy healing the people Mephisto injured?" Blinker asks.

"Hurgh. I'm sure Big Boobs will find time to help a good friend." Kar says, reaching down to pat his wife's shoulder with his finger. "We'll get you all fixed up, Butterfly."

"Good. That's good..." Blinker says slowly, as her eyes start to close. "Getting... sleepy again. Sorry, I just... just can't..."

A few moments later, her eyes completely close. She stops speaking, and her breathing becomes more even as she drifts off back to sleep.

Fiona and Kar exchange a glance. The two of them quietly depart the room, though Kar seems hesitant to leave his wife's side.

The crocodile waits until after he and Fiona have stepped out of earshot to air his true feelings.

"Hurgh! That damned Smokey!" Kar snarls under his breath. "This is all his fault! He did something to my Butterfly. How dare he!"

Fiona shakes her head. "I don't know, Kar. I don't know. Mephisto's a Cosmic Entity now. Whatever he did, not even Jason can undo it. I think I'll have to ask the Archangels soon if we can't find a cause for her lethargy. But, it is a little baffling... there's no signs of any magical tomfoolery messing with her body. She's simply extremely tired."

"Smokey definitely did something to my Butterfly. Definitely." Kar continues to growl, repeating his words for emphasis. "If only I was not so weak, I could have killed him when I was still the Monster King. Now I'm useless. This is all my fault."

"It's not..." Fiona says, touching Kar's arm. "Don't talk like that. You have to stay strong and take care of your kids. I'm sure Blinker will get better soon, Kar."

"Hurgh. My body is still too weak to do much." Kar says, his anger turning to sadness. "Even with this metal skeleton, I can barely hold them for a few seconds. Then I get tired and need to sleep. Say, White Ghost, could you do me a favor?"

Fiona blinks. "A favor? If it's within my means, sure."

"Good." Kar nods. "Can you get in contact with the Lizards? Have them send a nanny here. I could really use some help with all my rowdy spawn, and I do not wish to impose on you or Turtle."

"Oh. You want a nanny? I guess that's fine..." Fiona says, uncertain of what to say. "I'll have to ask Jason though. This realm is supposed to be a secret."

"If you can't find me a nanny... I will manage." Kar grumbles. "It's just getting hard. I did not realize how much I relied on Butterfly to take care of the kids. She and I are both so weak now..."

"Don't worry, Kar. I'll talk to Jason." Fiona confirms with a nod of her head. "Why don't you go play with your children for a bit, then let me know when you need to rest? I don't ever need to sleep, so I can keep an eye on them for you until we find a nanny."

"Ohh... that would be such a help. But I know you are a busy woman. Are you sure it will be alright?" Kar asks.

"I'm a big girl. And ever since I started projecting myself in Chrona, my capabilities have become quite impressive." Fiona says with a big smile. "In fact, I've been meaning to talk to Jason about something for a while now... I guess today's as good a time as any."

Fiona and Kar exchange a few more words, then they split up and go their separate ways.

After peeking in and checking on Blinker one last time, Fiona takes a deep breath. She starts to exit the hospital and head toward Jason's current location.

_I have to do this._ She thinks. _It's for both our well-being. Hopefully he'll understand..._