Part 718: Titan Tensions

_January 29th, 2021. Base of Mount Sinai, 4PM._

It had taken the demon six hours following their rapid assault on Saint Catherine's Monastery. They had wiped out the defenders, but hadn't bothered chasing any stragglers. A few humans escaping meant nothing to them when their true goal was so close at hand.

Emperor Satan arrived around 2PM and spent a couple hours organizing the preliminary forces for their intended strike into the heart of Sinai. In order to fortify their position, the demons had surrounded the mountain with multiple structures built by Burrowers and reinforced with high level magic. As it just so happened, they had several Fairy allies who were capable of setting up formations to reinforce these otherwise unremarkable stone structures.

Tens of the mini citadels surrounded Mount Sinai, and each one had a Warper or two inside, holding open portals elsewhere on Earth, usually in the vicinity of one of the major Hells. In this way, reinforcements could arrive within moments, and more and more demons were already making their way to the battlefield.

Angels flew high in the sky. Demons didn't usually have wings, and only a few had the gift of flight, so the angels had a huge defensive advantage by controlling the skies. Unfortunately, the angels lacked in champions capable of fighting at the levels of Dukes and Emperors. Purebloods were few and far between, and most Lazarites could only measure up to Barons at best. It was the few living Archangels who were capable of outfighting the demons, and they were badly outnumbered.

In total, only four Archangels still walked the world of the living. They were Raphael, Camael, Gabriel, and Uzziel. Gabriel wore Michael's ring, but aside from these four, there were no others still among the living. Brother Samael had fallen long ago, prior to the War in Heaven, and Sister Uriel had her soul stolen by the demons. As for the two long-dead ancient archangels, Muriel and Cassiel, they were not worth speaking about. They were so distant in memory that none of the demons knew of them, save for Satan, who secretly concealed Samael's soul within himself...

Thus, with only four champions at their disposal, the angels seemed not to be in a good position. However, the demon leaders knew the situation would be far from a cakewalk.

At the base of the mountain, four demon leaders gathered together to discuss the coming battle. Among them were Satan, Diablo, Lucifer, and Auger.

"We're not able to open any portals inside Heaven." Diablo said, as he walked over and clapped his hand on Satan's shoulder. "We've been trying for hours, but Heaven's dimension has been fortified and rearranged. We can't get a mental lock on any of the ancient monuments."

"Cheh. I never thought we would. It was worth a try, though." Satan said, as he rubbed his chin and looked up at the mountain. "Looks like the only way inside is through Heaven's Gate."

Diablo scratched his head. "I do not understand. Why don't the angels simply close the gate and retreat inside?"

"Hehehe. Our enemies ain't just worried about saving their hides." Satan said knowingly. "Think of the message this would send to the human leaders observing the situation. Standing firm and defending against our attacks signals their bravery and willingness to stand up to us. But cowering inside the mountain and closing themselves off would indicate weakness. What do you think would happen to the Vatican's prestige if the angels acted like a bunch of scared lil' babies?"

"Their entire religious infrastructure would collapse." Auger said, throwing his hat into the discussion. "The angels need humans to pray to them, and the human governments only tacitly support the angels because they fear their wrath. But if the angels bunker up inside of Heaven, they will simply hand us an easy win."

Lucifer filed her long razor sharp nails. "Even if the angels disable Heaven's Gate, they can still open portals outside of Heaven. You place too much faith in them trying to maintain an appearance of bravery."

"It ain't just about appearances, sweet-cheeks." Satan laughed cruelly. "Hahaha, Mount Sinai is symbolic! If they turn off the gate, we'll take over the mountain and never let them reopen it! They'll suffer a humiliation 10,000 lifetimes couldn't wash away! Doesn't matter if they make a new Heaven's Gate elsewhere on Earth, because once we roll up on that one, they'll have to disable it too, and the next one, and the next one. Everyone'll know the Archangels are just a bunch of paper tigers!"

"So they must fight." Diablo said, nodding slowly. "Good. We need them to fight if we hope to achieve our strategic objectives. Speaking of which..."

Diablo turned a slow, withering gaze toward the Devil.

"...isn't it about time you told us what this is _really_ all about?"

Auger and Lucifer both glanced at Diablo in surprise. He wasn't usually the type to care about this sort of stuff. But since he had asked, and since they were both dying to know, they immediately fixated their gazes on Satan, crossed their arms, and waited for his reply.

"Haha! Alright, I'll tell ya!" Satan said. "Now's a good time to spill the beans anyway, Deebs!"

He leaned in and lowered his voice.

"We're gonna take down the Lazarus Tower. Without it, everything the angels hold dear will collapse."

The other Emperors looked at Satan in surprise.

"That is a bold move." Lucifer said approvingly, before her face turned ugly. "But there's no chance of success! I hear the Lazarus Tower is positioned right in the heart of Hrothgar's Hall! There are multiple Titans living right next to it. Any assault force will get crushed into meat paste, even if we send Bael himself!"

"If our goal was to destroy the Lazarus Tower, it would indeed be pretty much impossible." Satan conceded. "But good thing that's not the plan. I intend to steal back Valac's Lantern and retake the power of the Lazarites for ourselves!"

Auger's eyes widened. "You want to steal the lantern? That is even more impossible. Satan, are you really risking all our lives over such a risky gamble?!"

"Again, your lives ain't at risk, unless you rush in like a bunch'a morons." Satan said, waving his hand flippantly. "That's why we got mooks to do the dirty work. Even if we lose ten million Grunts during this assault, so what? Sing 'em a eulogy and move on. We're just gonna hafta' make sure none of our big guys get knocked off by the Archangels, the Titans, or..."

"The Heroes." Auger said, his face contorting into a grimace.

Lucifer's ears perked up. She smiled like a witch, then put on an innocent expression.

"Did you say _Heroes_? Oh that reminds me, my dear sweet precious little Ose just brought me back some intriguing news. It must have slipped my mind!"

"News?" Satan asked. "What news?"

Lucifer moaned as she slowly cracked her back and stretched her legs, taking an annoyingly long time to reply while she forced the others to hang on her every word.

"Oh dear, it seems... you boys didn't hear? If only you had a brilliant, smart, beautiful daughter like me, you might already know. Ah, but where are my manners? I suppose I can tell you."

Her smile disappeared.

"The Hero named Cat Mask is more frightening than we may know. He has the ability to rewind time. It seems he has done so countless times, and he may even know our entire plan going forward, as well as how to counter us."

"WHAT?!" Satan roared, staggering backward in alarm. "Why didn't you tell us sooner?! This is awful news!!"

Lucifer shrugged. "I only learned a couple of hours ago. It seems Ose had a run-in with Cat Mask, and he defeated her handily. Thanks to her cunning wit, she managed to extract several important secrets from his lips before she beat a cunning escape. That's how we now know this entire plan could be a trap! The angels may have already been forewarned of Satan's plan by Cat Mask!"

A moment of silence followed. Auger frowned.

"Something isn't adding up. If Cat Mask can rewind time, then how could Ose possibly have escaped on her own? Especially if he could easily defeat her. If I were him, I would have killed her to prevent my secret from spreading."

"No, that's not right." Diablo interjected. "Because if you could rewind time, then even if your secret got out, you'd just rewind later and undo it."

"GENTLEMEN!" Satan shouted, interrupting their thoughts. "Can we skip the yapping and focus on the fact we have an enemy who can _rewind time_? I think this might mean we've gotta completely change all our plans up!"

"Not necessarily." Lucifer retorted. "Think about it. Any plan we come up with, he will probably know about. That means if we change plans, we'll only lull ourselves into a false sense of safety. Besides, we don't even know just how potent Cat Mask's powers are. Don't you think they sound a little too convenient? I bet he has several limitations on how he can use them."

"That's right." Auger added. "Human Heroes aren't invincible. Maybe he can only rewind once per day? Maybe he can only go back in time a short period? The fact we know he can rewind time doesn't tell us any of the nuances. If he were using this ability at the most frightening level, he could replay millions of days over and over again, carefully engineering a perfect strategy to uplift humanity and destroy the demons. But right now, we certainly don't seem to be in any major danger. Lucifer, how old is Cat Mask?"

She shrugged. "Ose tells me his real name is Hideki Hiro. I must assume he's in his forties or fifties."

"So it's true then." Satan said, his expression turning into a scowl. "The angels hid the existence of Hideki and Jason real clever-like. They're the blood descendants of Harold Whittaker, and the Heroic Aura has begun passing down through his family tree. The humans must have engineered a way to reverse old Raphael's changes to the Heroic Aura, all those millennia ago."

Satan paused.

"If Hideki or Cat Mask or whatever has some omniscient power to rewind and redo time, then we're fucked no matter what. But I bet his power _does_ have limits. The proof is in the pudding, and we demons are still doin' just fine for ourselves. We'll continue the attack on Heaven as planned!"

Satan held up a finger of warning. "But you guys make sure you spread the word around the higher-ups. Let the other Emperors and Dukes know to keep an eye out for Cat Mask. He and the Archseer are certain to show up once blood starts spraying."

"Even if Cat Mask doesn't know what we're planning, and that's a big 'if', don't forget what the Archseer's powers are." Auger pointed out. "He's a Dream Eater. He may have learned our plans by devouring our dreams."

"Then we'll just have to adapt on the fly." Satan growled. "No excuses. We've got way more elites and superior firepower compared to those damn pigeons."

Satan looked around the room at the faces of the other three Emperors.

"This is it, folks. The Day of Reckoning. If we can snag Valac's Lantern, it will all have been worth it. If we fail, hopefully it will only set us back a little."

"Even if the angels know we're coming, it won't change anything." Diablo affirmed. "We have to do this while we still can. The humans have been getting scarier as time goes on."

Lucifer rubbed her third eye. "You're telling me. If Cat Mask shoots me in the fucking eye _one more time_, I swear I'm going to rip his manhood off and shove it up his-"

Auger coughed loudly and spread out his arms. "I will ensure all the Hells stay in contact with one another. Leave that part to me."

"Good. We'll launch the attack in one hour." Satan said. "Move out!"

---

Inside Heaven, a single solitary figure flew across the vast, seemingly unending sky. That figure was Archangel Raphael.

Heaven was unrecognizable compared to its ancient past. Ever since Satan had detonated his body with the force of an atomic bomb and leveled most of Heaven, Raphael had spent millennia alongside his sister Uzziel rebuilding, strengthening, and expanding Heaven's defenses. Thanks to many layers of spatial strengthening spells, Heaven's dimensional space had been reinforced to such an extent that it usually took Raphael a full five minutes to open a portal to the outside world. Lesser angels needed even more time.

On top of that, Heaven was now bigger than the Earth itself in terms of arable land space. Since angels did not require sustenance to survive, Heaven was able to house many more Lazarites than there were currently people living on Earth. Though, at the moment, there were six billion Lazarites compared to eight billion humans. In perhaps ten or twenty more years, as humans died off and became Lazarites, those numbers would quickly change, but not enough time had passed since the Industrial Revolution, so the clock was still ticking.

Heaven consisted of many great regions, but the most important dynamic was that it was no longer merely angels who lived there. Instead, Titans owned half of Heaven's land, as per their agreement with the angels following the War in Heaven thousands of years earlier.

Once the demons slaughtered countless angels and Titans, all those years ago, their situation had become precarious. Satan's thermonuclear explosion had killed nearly all the Purebloods, leaving the angels with a frighteningly small population. Thus, moving the few remaining angels and Titans into Heaven became a top priority. Now, millennia later, the angels had replenished their ranks with Lazarites, and the Titans had bred extensively.

In total, there were around twenty million Titans now living in Heaven. They lived simple and secure lives, and each individual Titan owned hundreds of acres of land for themselves. This was excellent mainly because their bodies were large, and unlike the angels, consuming food and sustenance was essential in order for their bodies to grow over time.

Titans were unique among the top super-species on Earth. Demons and humans bred like rabbits. Angels could not reproduce at all. Titans bred much more slowly than the former, but held a decisive advantage over the latter.

Demons gained power by consuming human souls. Angels lost power over time and could only strengthen themselves through human prayer. Humans did not have any reliable means of gaining magical ability, but their technology improved every generation and slowly made them a force that even the demons feared. 

But Titans simply grew stronger as time passed and as their bodies aged. A young Titan, less than a hundred years old, was already strong enough to beat an average Demon Lord into the dirt. Titan Kings like Zeus were far stronger than Demon Emperors, and roughly equivalent to the top Archangels. What's more, Titans grew stronger based on the quality of the food they ate. Unlike demons, they did not devour souls to empower themselves, but instead fruits, vegetables, and meat. During the Dragon Wars, Titans could grow much more powerful much more quickly by consuming the flesh of dead dragons, since their bodies were rich in nutrients. But these days, the animals of Earth were not too strong in comparison to the ancient dragons.

Thus, Titans advanced slowly but steadily, and they were considered the true Champions of Heaven. This was a mutually beneficial arrangement made by the leaders of the Titans and Angels. King Zeus was the strongest Titan alive, and he had only grown mightier following the War in Heaven. Many privately believed he was stronger than all the Archangels, and the thought this might be true had privately caused tensions to slowly simmer beneath the surface.

Why should the Titans be considered equal to the angels... if they were actually superior?

Thus, Raphael flew through the skies to travel to the Hall of Odin, the largest and most prestigious building in all of Jötunheimr, the land of the Titans. As he flew, Raphael passed by giant buildings that rivaled human skyscrapers, each one housing between one Titan and a small family of lesser Titans. These days, the average Titan's height was already close to 200 feet tall, and most of the younger ones stood in excess of 50 feet tall. As for Titan King Zeus himself...

Raphael lifted his eyes to look into the distance. He spotted a gigantic building far bigger than anything the humans had ever build, a super-hall as wide as it was tall, covered in carved murals of ancient Titan Kings, feats of battle the Titans had achieved over the millennia, and even artistic representations of long-forgotten battles during the Primordial Eras. The hall was divided into multiple sub-buildings, but even the smallest ones were 5,000 feet tall. The largest building rose multiple miles into Heaven's sky and could be seen from great distances across Heaven.

This was the Hall of Odin, the most prestigious hall in all of Jötunheimr. It was where Titan King Zeus lived, along with his wife Hera, and a handful of his closest descendants. Living inside the hall was considered a great honor, and few were allowed to do so.

Raphael descended toward the Hall of Odin. He slowed his momentum when he arrived at the entrance, opting to land on the ground despite knowing it would place him in an inferior position. He had to crane his neck backward to look up at the towering statues etched in the visages of dozens of ancient Titan Kings and Queens. Titan Queen Odin's image stood in the main hall, her powerful body towering over all the lesser status, one hand stretched out with her palm aimed at the entrance, warning visitors to be on their best manners lest a tragedy befall them.

Raphael waited at the entrance to the hall. He didn't need to announce his arrival, for the Titans could easily sense his presence from afar.

Before long, the youngest member of the Hall walked inside, a broad smile upon his face. He stood 224 feet tall, his big toe alone dwarfing Raphael's entire body. From on high, he looked down and smiled smugly in a manner that would have ruffled the feathers of any prideful angel. Luckily, Raphael was in full control of his emotions, and these petty moves did nothing to alter his mental state.

"Archangel Raphael, it is good to see you." The black-haired Titan said, his voice loud but not too boisterous. "My father wondered when you would seek his counsel."

"The demons are at our doorstep, young Apollo." Raphael said. "You know well why I hath traveled so far. Bring me to see the God King."

"Of course, Archangel." Apollo said, turning around to walk inside the hall.

Raphael could not possibly keep up with the lumbering giant by walking, so he instead leaped into the air, flapped his wings, and flew beside Apollo as the Titan led him deeper into the hall.

"How fares Aphrodite these days?" Raphael asked casually. "I hear her beauty has grown to rival even that of sister Uzziel."

"Haha. You have heard well, Archangel Raphael." Apollo said jovially. "My sister is the foremost maiden of the Western Pantheon."

"Verily, my eyes art too aged to appreciate a woman's beauty at any age." Raphael said dismissively. "I hath seen countless vixens and damsels over the eons. A child such as thee cannot fathom the number of beautiful angels who once lived in our galaxy alone. My sister Cassiel, for one."

"Cassiel?" Apollo asked. "I don't think I've heard her name before."

"That is because her era ended long before the mindwipes came into effect." Raphael said mildly.

After traveling for a short while, they reached the rear of Odin's Hall, where they entered a strategic war room. Upon entering, a massive table with a map of Heaven's most prominent realms lay spread out, taking up two or perhaps even three times the floor space of a human skyscraper's base. The table was so massive that most humans would find the hills and mountains of Heaven depicted upon the map to be as large as houses compared to themselves. They would have to walk for a good thirty minutes to cross from one edge of the map to the other!

The war room had many ceremonial weapons and armor pieces placed along the walls to add decoration. These armors were not exactly fragile, but they would certainly prove useless in the event of a great battle. They were only meant to be worn during rituals such as weddings and other events of that sort. Helmets, armor pieces, gauntlets, greaves, boots, and various spears, swords, shields, and other such accessories lined the walls.

Zeus stood at the other end of the table, along with his wife, Hera. When Raphael entered the Hall of Odin, they sensed his presence and had been waiting for his arrival. As such, they both stood and watched as the tiny winged figure arrived alongside their son.

"Brother Raphael." Zeus said with a polite smile. "We have been awaiting your arrival."

"Hello, Raphael." Hera said, smiling sweetly at him. "It's good to see you again. It's been a few years since you paid us a visit."

Raphael waved his hands. Suddenly, his body started to inflate in size. Within seconds, a physical illusion of himself spread out and began to grow, grow, grow. He rapidly towered above the 224-foot-tall Apollo and erupted upward, growing taller and taller until he approached the height of Zeus himself!

Zeus's smile turned ever so slightly into a frown. As the King of all Titans, his height was important. He stood 479 feet tall, and was approaching the demarcation point of 500, which would signal that he had reached half the height of the most powerful Titan of all time, Odin the Allmother. As for Hera, she was 442-feet tall, and she was among the tallest of her species as well.

Thus, when Raphael grew his false body, he deliberately lifted himself to 475 feet tall, only the slightest bit shorter than the Titan King himself, placing himself virtually on the same pedestal.

Naturally, Zeus was not so discourteous as to point out Raphael's intentions, but it was obvious to everyone present. Apollo glanced at Raphael's back, his expression ugly. Raphael had subtly implied without saying a word that he stood on near-equal footing with Zeus, which thereby implied so did the angels!

These days, that was a slap across the face of the Titans! No Titan believed the angels were capable of matching them anymore. It had not yet become a public point of contention, but privately the Titans believed that they were the true rulers of Heaven now. They were bigger, they had far mightier and more numerous elites, and the tiny insect-like swarms of Lazarites were nothing by comparison! The angels were down to four Archangels and a few hundred purebloods, and those purebloods were barely worth scoffing at!

Thus, when Raphael finished his expansion and stood practically eye-to-eye with Zeus, his transformation offered a silent but steady element of pushback to dissuade Zeus of any notions of equality. It was clear that Raphael did not believe the angels were weaker than the Titans, and even if they were, it was not by much!

Zeus's nose twitched, but he forced a polite smile as he reached his arm across the table. "It is good that we can speak face-to-face, Raphael. That trick of yours is much better than me having to crane my neck to look down at you."

Down at me, or down _upon_ me?" Raphael asked, a fake smile of his own plastered across his face. He reached out his hand and took Zeus's, the two of them exchanging a firm handshake.

"What are you implying?" Zeus asked innocently, frowning slightly as if offended by Raphael's words. "Long have the Titans and angels been friends. Following the destruction of both our species, you gave us a place to stay inside Heaven. We have made it our home and lived alongside you in peace. I would never presume as to look down upon such close friends."

Raphael's smile grew more pointed. He deliberately squeezed Zeus's hand, prompting the King to squeeze back. "Many rumors hath entered my ears over the last few decades. This old man is gladdened to hear those rumors were little more than the chattering of those who are young and stupid. Naturally, the old and wise would not humor such silliness."

After a long moment of holding eye contact, Raphael released his grip, and so did Zeus. Their arms fell to their sides, and Raphael turned his attention to Hera.

"Lady Hera, thy beauty is the same as the falling of autumn leaves. Its coloration only deepens every year."

Hera smiled. "My thanks for your kind words, Raphael. I hope that we may focus on the matter at hand regarding this coming war."

Raphael's smile vanished. He looked at the map of Heaven with great trepidation.

"Heaven's gate is positioned in the Northern Glades." Raphael said, pointing at a forest Uzziel herself had grown thousands of years ago, after Satan's nuclear blast. "I am uncertain as to what end these demons are attacking us, but this move stinks of desperation. They art only doing so as a result of the new Heroes who have appeared among the humans."

Zeus looked at the profile of Raphael's face for a moment, then lowered his gaze to the war map.

"The most obvious answer is that the demons wish to cause widespread damage to the angels. Specifically, they may wish to assassinate one or more Archangels." Zeus said pointedly. "The next goal they may be pursuing is one of acquisition. Perhaps they wish to raid Camael's artifacts and steal ones they can make use of."

"Not much point in that." Hera spoke. "Most artifacts are infused with holy energy. Demons cannot use them."

"Indeed, but there is one artifact the demons may wish to acquire over the others." Zeus said, raising an eyebrow.

He slid his finger down the map toward the southern area of Heaven, far from the Gate.

"The Lazarus Tower." Raphael said, stroking his beard. "Verily, I suspected this might be the case. A demonic artifact is what allows humans to rise and live as Lazarites. If the demons steal or destroy it, they shalt cripple our war capabilities."

"Then it is good that you have placed the tower in the center of the Titans' strongholds." Zeus said with a smile. "My brothers and sister of the Eastern Pantheon will surely protect it with all their hearts. I will personally place five of my children surrounding the Tower to ensure no demon strike force can draw near."

Hera smirked. "These demons are quite stupid if they think they can seize or destroy the artifact. They would have to battle across a thousand miles of Heaven to even draw within striking distance of the Tower. It is the most heavily fortified location in all our lands."

Raphael didn't appear so dismissive. "There is another possibility. Satan mayeth intend to do what he did in the past: Detonate his body with enough force to obliterate much of Heaven. He hath had millennia to collect more souls than he ever possessed during the first War in Heaven. If so, we shoulds't prevent him from entering Heaven at all costs. He mayeth make a play for the tower only to draw our eyes away as he positions himself in the center of Heaven, and then..."

Raphael made an 'exploding' motion with his hands, causing Zeus and Hera's expressions to turn ghastly.

"Satan sacrificed just as many of his people as he killed ours, last time." Zeus said, worry on his face. "If he is truly feeling pressured by the appearance of two human Heroes, this suicidal play might actually be a stroke of genius. Even if he loses a few Emperors in the process, the damage done would be incalculable. Now that Heaven surrounds the entire Earth, the aftereffects of such an explosion would certainly devastate the entire planet, causing a mass-casualty event among the humans. If the demons hide their strongest elites underground, they could eliminate as much as half the humans, or more!"

"This must be his objective." Hera said, pressing a finger to her lips. "He wouldn't have done this in the past, but those Heroes have forced his hand! We have to think of a way to force him out of Heaven if he should do such a thing again."

"In the past, when Satan detonated his body, I must confess that I was greatly taken aback and lost my wits in the moment." Raphael admitted. "Had I known he was capable of such a vile act, I would have used all my power to force him out into the Void. Perhaps this is something we must consider now."

Raphael looked deeply at Zeus.

"Brother Zeus. Thy people and mine are not bound to the limits of this planet. Unlike the demons, we may traverse the Void at will. As such, we shoulds't consider the possibility of taking up refuge on another planet. I could even create a new Gate that would connect Heaven to such a world."

Zeus looked surprised. "The Void? The blackness beyond our world? You believe there are other worlds out there suitable for life?"

Raphael chuckled. "The Titans hath fallen far from their peak, King Zeus. But thy people can survive in the Void without much trouble. Thy bodies are no less hardy, and they doth not require but a single breath to spend centuries swallowed by the Void. Naturally, traversing the Void is not a simple matter, and there art billions of worlds one mayeth travel to, but I digress. There are plenty of worlds thou coulds't reach if thy people used their long-forgotten void-traversal abilities properly."

Zeus thought about Raphael's proposal for a while.

"I've never once considered leaving Earth to live elsewhere. But unlike the angels, my people do not require the existence of a lesser species to feed ourselves. If we were to spread among the stars, we could proliferate much more quickly and freely than if we stayed on Earth. The same cannot be said for you."

"Indeed." Raphael admitted. "Our lives art tethered to those of the humans. We require their prayers to sustain us. We hath become quite pitiful over the last few eras. We no longer possesseth the same capacity for glory as we once did in the past."

Zeus pondered Raphael's conundrum. It was an interesting dilemma. Now that he thought about it, Zeus realized that staying on Earth was potentially a ruinously stupid decision! Why stay on Earth when the Titans could just as easily traverse the stars? Why not seek out the land of their ancestors? Could Valhalla be out there, somewhere, hidden among the infinite stars?

But, Zeus realized, if the Titans did leave Earth, the angels would fall. They were no longer strong enough to protect themselves. The Archangels were still mighty, but they had become weaker than during the War in Heaven, and the Archangels of those ancient times were far weaker than their Primordial selves.

Zeus didn't hate Raphael. He didn't loathe the angels or want to see them dead. He merely believed that they were not fit to be called the owners of Heaven any longer. If the angels simply accepted the truth and bowed their heads to him, Zeus was kindhearted enough to let them continue to live in Heaven with no further changes. He would protect them not as superiors or equals, but as his vassals.

Surely, given their sad decline, this was not asking too much? And yet Raphael still proudly acted as though he were the leader of Heaven.

Ahh, how it vexed Zeus greatly and soured his thoughts. He did not wish to step on Raphael's pride, but the fact of the matter was the Titans now towered over the angels in ways both literal and metaphorical. One could say that Raphael was the rightful leader due to his countless years of accumulated knowledge and wisdom, but if the two of them came to blows, Zeus had no reservations about the idea he would soundly trounce the old man.

Should wisdom lead a people, or power? This was the sticking point that always gave Zeus pause. He did not believe that he was a wiser leader than Raphael, and as such, he held off on starting an ugly battle for leadership. He still felt like a junior in front of the old man. So long as Raphael's control of Heaven did not lead to a tragedy, Zeus could remain cool and allow things to stay the way they were.

But if Raphael should ever slip up...

Zeus cleared his throat. "Let us set aside the matters of departing Earth. My people shall stay here for the immediate future. Defending Heaven is, therefore, our natural priority. I will speak to King Ra to rally his sons and daughters for the coming war. Izanagi and Susanoo will be eager to join from the Eastern Pantheon, while Indra and Yami will join from the Southern Pantheon."

Raphael gave Zeus a long stare. "And the North?"

"...You know as well as I that the Norse are a stubborn lot. They love war and battle, but they do not believe Heaven will be under any major threat. Only Forseti has indicated interest in keeping an eye on the gate. The others think the demons have lost their bite and killing hordes of weaklings is beneath them."

Raphael snorted. "I doth not wish to speak ill of those who art not present, but it feels to me that the Titans hath grown sedentary in recent decades. Too many were born who dids't not witness the horrors of the Ancient Era. They lack a conception of how dangerous our enemies truly art."

"You speak truth, old friend." Zeus said. "But what can we do regarding these matters? Following the War in Heaven, fewer than 100 Titans remained among the living. It is a miracle we've returned to our former glory. The young may have read the lore of old, but they were not there to witness those legends in the making."

"I will see if I can convince more Titans to assist in defending the gate." Hera promised. "Zeus can be a little... standoffish. But the other Titan Kings typically will lower their guard around me."

"The demons mayeth appear tiny and weak, but their combined power is frightening." Raphael warned. "Thou shoulds't taketh this situation as seriously as possible. I am fine with tossing away the lives of countless Lazarites, but if anything mayeth happen to the Lazarus Tower, we shan't have Lazarites to spare in the future."

Zeus's expression became grim. "I know well the importance of the Tower. Say no more, Raphael."

The old Archangel glanced out a window and squinted. "The daylight wanes. Before long, the cover of night shalt arrive. That is when the demons shalt begin their assault on the Gate. I must take my leave."

Raphael nodded at Zeus. He turned to leave, but then Zeus slightly raised his hand.

"Wait, Raphael. Regarding..."

Raphael turned to look at Zeus. "Yes?"

For a brief moment, Zeus and Raphael met each other's eyes. Neither one spoke, and eventually, Zeus lowered his gaze.

"Ah. It's nothing. Let us work together to protect our lands."

"Mmm." Raphael grunted. "Let us do that then."

He turned and walked out of the room, leaving Zeus, Hera, and Apollo alone. Five minutes later, Apollo snorted through his nose.

"Father! Why did you not bring up the matter of transferring leadership? Always, you allow Raphael to push you around!"

Zeus sighed. His expression seemed tired. "You don't understand, child. Raphael is ancient. I may be a Titan King to you, but I am still a child in his eyes. Merely meeting his gaze was enough to break my resolve. It seems in matters of leadership, I am still his inferior."

Hera closed her eyes and shook her head helplessly. "I do not revere Raphael in the way you do. It was his lack of foresight that created the dragons, the Titans, and the demons. How can you continue to treat him as wise and all-knowing when he has blundered so many times?"

"I was not there for the primordial times, so I do not know the circumstances behind the first two." Zeus said. "As for the demons... who can say if what happened was truly Raphael's fault? The burden of command is heavy. He may have been pressured by others to make foolish decisions."

"Pressured? That old croney?" Hera scoffed. "You do not give him enough credit."

"Perhaps not." Zeus admitted.

The Titan King tapped the war table.

"Send a message to Neptune. Inform the Atlanteans that the demons are likely to begin their attack by nightfall. With any luck, we can pincer them with an attack from inside and outside the Gate."

"I pray Neptune will come to our aid." Apollo said, before kneeling and taking his leave.

With Poseidon having long ago died to the machinations of Satan, his son became the leader of Atlantis. Now, they were the only Titans who continued to live outside of Heaven, hidden beneath the depths of Earth's oceans.

Their contribution could end up being paramount in this coming war...