Part 445: Saving the Children!

Cassiel flies for ten full minutes. While her wings would usually allow her to cover the distance in ten to twenty seconds, lugging more than a dozen people on her spiritual-platform drastically slows her speed down while also draining her energy. Sweat streams down her face. The veins on her forehead begin to bulge. She pants and gasps for breath, feeling her vision flicker as the plateau to the Fortress of Retribution draws near.

The crystal glass dome that once enveloped the city no longer remains, having been quietly removed by the Wordsmith a few weeks earlier. This allows her to slowly lose altitude as she drops toward the city's western side, where the hospital is located.

Just as she arrives within ten feet of her destination, Cassiel's strength finally gives out. She loses control over her mana, and the platform vanishes, causing her and the people she's rescuing to cry out in fright as they tumble to the pavement. But before Cassiel can fall flat on her face, Soleil swoops in and saves her charge, allowing Cassiel to collapse in her arms.

Curiously, the construct does not even bother trying to soften the impact of the children, despite her exceptional speed granting her the capability of doing so...

In unison, all of the children, as well as Lily and Linda, fall to the ground. The adults manage to soften their landings by awkwardly flailing in midair, but the poisoned girls hit the pavement hard enough to crack a few bones, which only multiplies their pain.

The moment everyone lands, a swarm of exosuit-wearing troopers converges on their position. Having been alerted wirelessly through Linda's T-REX commlink, they descend on the children, wrap the girls in blankets and begin quickly whisking them off to the hospital's entrance a few hundred feet from the landing site.

Linda and Lily sigh in relief. They turn their appreciative gazes toward Cassiel, only to see their rescuer barely flitting in and out of consciousness due to her extreme mana exhaustion. She lays unmoving in Soleil's arms like a wet blanket, lacking even a drop of physical strength.

"What's wrong with Cassiel?" Linda asks, having fully identified both of the angels before her. "Is she alright?!"

"Cassiel is suffering from mana sickness." Soleil says. "She is a Lazarite. While she will not die from running out of mana, as a trueblooded angel would, she _will_ become incapacitated and remain that way until someone gives her their mana. Unfortunately, my internal energy is incompatible with hers."

The construct raises her gaze from the woman crumpled in her grasp to the two women before her, as well as a growing crowd of onlookers.

"Cassiel requires all of your assistance." Soleil declares, leaving no room for opposition. "You will give her your mana. You owe her this much."

Slightly taken aback by the tinge of hostility in Soleil's tone, Linda nevertheless quickly nods. "Yes, yes of course. Those children would be dead without her help. How can we help? What do we have to do?"

"You will pray to Cassiel." Soleil orders. "Imagine her face and name in your mind. Imagine that you owe her a great debt. Then, close your eyes and focus on the thought of giving her your strength."

"Prayer..." Lily says, frowning slightly. "Daddy told me about this. In the old era, angels could receive Faith Energy from humans on Earth. Is that what this is?"

"It is." Soleil says mildly. She turns to look at the crowd of onlookers. "All of you, as well. Pray to Cassiel to give her strength."

The forty-or-so people in the vicinity nod along to Soleil's command. They close their eyes, clasp their hands together, and begin to pray.

Several seconds pass.

Thirty seconds.

One minute.

Slowly, Cassiel's eyes flutter open. The spots dancing in her vision fade away, and her strength returns. She violently coughs, nearly choking on her own saliva as the silent transfer of mana rejuvenates her soul.

Soleil helps her to her feet, and Cassiel shakily stands. Upon noticing all of the people around her, Cassiel abruptly freezes, her pupils shrinking to pinpricks.

With the danger threatening the children's lives gone, she suddenly realizes where she is.

Out in public.

Many people around her.

Some of them... _men._

Cassiel's skin turns cold to the touch. Her teeth chatter. Her heart flickers erratically, and her legs tremble. Her pupils shrink and dilate as waves of nausea splash around her stomach, making her feel cornered. Trapped.

"S-suh-Sol-Sol..."

Cassiel whispers frightened words, clutching onto her construct companion. At once, as the people around Cassiel begin to open their eyes and gaze upon her in gratitude, Soleil realizes her mistake.

"That's enough!" She barks. "You've all done your part! But now you're scaring my lady! Disperse!"

These people, mere onlookers who appreciated Cassiel's rescue of the children, suddenly recoil in surprise at Soleil's violent words. Some of them deeply frown, feeling offended by her unexpected shift in tone. Not fully understanding the construct's concerns, they gnash their teeth.

"The hell is your problem, lady?" One man asks. "You ask us to pray, we pray! We help that girl, and now you tell us to fuck off? Show some goddamned appreciation!"

"Yeah!" Another man shouts. "What's the big idea?! Leave it to some bitch to yank us around!"

These men, not exactly angry at Cassiel, still nevertheless turn their resentful glares on her. Cassiel shrinks back in fear as one of them takes a step toward her.

"A 'thank you' would be nice, brat!" The first man exclaims. "I did that praying thing and now my head hurts. You sapped my energy, but couldn't even take me out for dinner first? So unappreciati-"

"I told you to disperse." Soleil says, interrupting the man.

The construct steps between Cassiel and the outraged man. Her eyes turn cold. A murderous aura swells within her gaze.

"**Do not make me repeat myself.**"

The man swallows his next words. Something about the construct's cold, dead eyes makes him shrink back.

Something primal shakes his psyche.

A fear that is purely... _instinctive_.

Like a field hare that has come face to face with a ravenous wolf, the man feels himself shrink to half his size under her withering gaze.

He takes a step back and slowly begins to nod.

"S-sure, lady. I... I didn't mean nothin' by it..."

Soleil clenches her hand into a fist. Even as the man starts to pull away, the thought of reaching out and taking hold of his neck-

"Soleil." Linda suddenly says, snapping the construct out of her thoughts. "Thank you for your assistance. Private Hodgson, report back to your post. That's an order. And to the rest of you, thank you for helping us just now. Lady Cassiel suffered injuries when she rescued those children. Why don't we all give her some breathing room?"

Linda quickly and calmly defuses the situation, making the angry people dial down their emotions. As a veteran of the Stormbringer War, and one of the people who even helped take down Beelzebub in the mid-stages, Corporal Hurent has long earned a certain degree of accolades from the humans of Tarus II. The people present all look up to and respect her.

The two men from before awkwardly scratch their heads. They pull back after being offered this chance to save face.

"Sure, sure. Sorry about that, Corporal. We need to head back to our posts anyway. Thanks for, uh, explaining the situation to us."

The men turn and walk away. Not long after, the rest of the crowd disperses, leaving only Soleil, Cassiel, Linda, and Lily.

Cassiel finally collapses to her knees. She wraps her arms across her chest and massages her shoulders, trying desperately to suppress her panic attack.

Soleil, likewise, turns around to put her full attention on Cassiel. She drops down to the angel's level and embraces her in a quiet hug.

"There, there. The mean men are gone. I'll take you to a more quiet location, Cass."

"I recommend we bring Cassiel into the hospital." Linda says. "Have you taken her to see a psychiatrist yet? She could use some therapy..."

Soleil frowns at this impudent woman's intrusion onto her domain. "I am all the counsel my lady needs."

"Oh yeah?" Linda asks, putting her hands on her hips. "Not to call into question your abilities, but if I hadn't intervened just now... what were you about to do?"

Soleil doesn't answer. She merely stares at Linda.

Linda, thus, continues to speak.

"It was a rhetorical question." Linda says slowly. "You were... thinking of _killing_ that man. Weren't you?"

"I was not." Soleil says.

"You lie worse than a kindergartener." Linda mutters, her tone filled with suspicion. "I'm pretty good at reading people, Soleil. I'll admit, I'm not sure if a 'construct' differs from the rest of us. But your anger earlier... did you even _think_ about what would have happened if you had gone through with what you were contemplating?"

Lily stands beside Linda, frowning as she realizes she could have witnessed a gruesome murder had Linda not stepped in.

"Do not call into question my mental faculties." Soleil snaps. "My purpose is to protect the last living angel's life. All other matters come a distant second."

Linda's expression softens.

"Perhaps. But is that what _Cassiel_ wants?"

Soleil flinches like a cat sprayed in the face with water. She turns her attention to Cassiel, only to find that her charge has been looking at her for a while now.

"It... is not." Cassiel whispers. "You must protect me, yes. But... killing or hurting others needlessly. I... do not want you... to go that far."

"Cassiel..." Soleil says, noticing the pain on her charge's face. "I apologize. I will change my guidance parameters at once."

"Mmm. Alright." Cassiel concludes, lowering her eyes.

...

Several minutes later, Cassiel and Soleil begin walking toward the hospital's entrance. Lily and Linda follow on Cassiel's left, while Soleil walks on her right.

"So, Cassiel." Lily says, smiling at the angel. "You were really brave back there. The way you immediately jumped in and saved those girls. I think I have a crush on you now!"

"A crush..." Cassiel says, nodding slowly. "Thank you. That is very kind of you to say."

"I mean it!" Lily chirps. "Sure, you collapsed and felt afraid when all those people showed up, but the way you put your fears aside to help the girls was super decisive. You had such a commanding presence."

"That was a long time ago..." Cassiel says quietly. "I am... not that person anymore."

Lily blinks. "Huh? What are you talking about?"

As they approach the hospital's doors, Cassiel slowly shakes her head.

"I failed... all of them. I'm not worth admiring."

"You failed...?" Lily asks, more quietly than before. "Who, exactly?"

Cassiel doesn't answer her question. 

Instead, the white-haired angel becomes lost in her own thoughts, gazing into the abyss while her eyes focus on something unseen, some memory from her past...

The hospital doors _swish_ open, sliding automatically to allow the visitors access.

These days, the hospital no longer has many injured people to attend. With the war having died down, most people in the hospital are only those who caught some weird alien sickness, those injured in construction accidents, or rare examples like Linda's class, civilians struck by a random freak incident.

Linda walks inside. She glances at the reception desk, where she spots a familiar goblin wearing a clean cut suit and tie.

"Grima!" Linda exclaims, forcing a smile. "Are the children going to be alright? Can I go and see them?"

The green-skinned goblin looks up at Linda. For a brief moment though, his eyes fixate on Cassiel and Soleil, as if carefully recording all their details.

"Miss Hurent." Grima says, his naturally intelligent tongue sounding far less crass than those of other goblins. "I am unaware of the current circumstances of the children. Emperor Belial is currently attending to them, along with several of our other doctors. Can you tell me about the bugs that stung them?"

"I can do better than that." Linda says, tapping her T-REX activator. The nanite swarm engulfs her body, giving her access to its systems. "I'll send you the recording of that scene. Personally, I haven't a clue what bugs attacked them. I'm not familiar with Tarus II's insect populace..."

"Any clues would help." Grima says. "One of the children suffered more than a hundred stings. Luckily, the poison did not seem to have terribly severe effects. I would be surprised if they didn't all make a complete recovery by day's end."

"Ah. That's a relief." Linda says, breathing easier than she has in the last half-hour. "Say... I was wondering. Do we happen to have any psychologists available right now? You see, this here is Cassiel. She is an angel we rescued from the Labyrinth..."

Linda quickly summarizes the circumstances leading up to Cassiel's rescue, as well as her heroic rescue of the children. As she talks, Grima leans forward and rests his tiny elbows on the desk, oddly invested in her every word.

"How fascinating. And tragic." Grima says. "I am sorry for the pain you have suffered, Cassiel. As luck would have it, I am a trained psychologist myself. In fact, I have a brother, a goblin like me, he would be even better for helping heal your mental wounds. My family is actually quite accomplished, you see. We do not mingle amongst our lesser cousins, the fools who dumbly burrow into mountains. We pursue much greater academic interests..."

Soleil steps forward. "While your credentials may not be in question, it would be best if Cassiel's psychologist was... a female."

Cassiel nods quietly. "A woman... would be better."

"Ah. I see." Grima says. "Of course. I do have a talented sister who would be able to assist you. However, I will need a few days to contact her. Are you in a rush, or would you be willing to wait?"

Cassiel faintly smiles. "I can wait. Thank you."

"Most excellent." Grima says. "Contacting my sister will not require too much time, but I will have to head into the Labyrinth. Once my shift is over, I will leave, post-haste."

"That's very kind of you." Soleil says.

The construct stares at the goblin for several long seconds while the others debate what to do next. Something about Grima bothers her, but she isn't certain what that might be.

_Erroneous parameter. Goblins are a lower species of Orc. Goblins typically possess extremely low intelligence ratings. Why does this individual seem so different? What causes Grima and his family to stand so far apart from the rest of their species? Are they mere aberrants? Or is there some other reason for their divergence?_

Indeed, the construct does notice Grima's strange behavior, as well as his odd fixation on Cassiel. However, lacking key information, she does not realize the truth of the matter.

_Grima is a Changeling._

The first one to ever step foot on Tarus II's soil, he has long since quietly integrated into the populace and removed himself from suspicion. Despite his extreme divergence from other goblins, nobody even questions his odd behavior, for they have already grown used to the funny little goblin's eccentricities.

In truth, Grima himself is not even a high-ranked Changeling. He is quite inexperienced, and if he were better trained, he would have been able to more closely emulate the behavior of traditional goblins. In the end, due to a series of factors, he has managed to make himself all but invisible, accomplishing this feat due to a few lucky circumstances more than clever manipulation of the indigenous population...

While Soleil contemplates Grima's suspicious behavior, a soldier in a T-REX walks out of the emergency rooms. He pauses when he spots the group of four standing beside the reception desk, then haltingly begins to walk toward them.

"Corporal Hurent..." The man says, drawing her attention to him.

Still wearing her own exosuit, Linda identifies the man approaching her through its identification subsystem. "Private Kittel. Have you checked on the children? Are they doing well?"

The man's pace stutters momentarily. He halts for the briefest of instants, then resumes walking toward them.

When he reaches Linda and the others, he pauses for several long seconds, his faceless helmet giving no hint as to his mood.

However, Linda's stomach begins to sink.

"Private Kittel? Are... are the children alright?"

The man coughs.

"Corporal. I... I regret to tell you in this way, but. Of the twelve children recovered... three have... three have died."

"WHAT?!" Linda shrieks, her heart suddenly pounding with such force that it feels as if it will explode from her chest. "No, no, that can't be! That's IMPOSSIBLE! Those bugs, they shouldn't have been- they couldn't!!"

The man, ever so slightly, lowers his helmeted head.

"I'm sorry, Corporal. Samantha... she tried to save them. But something went wrong. We're still investigating the situation."

"Show me!" Linda exclaims, gnashing her teeth. "Take me to them!"

"Yes, ma'am." The soldier says, defeated.

He guides the four women into the Emergency section, where they pass dozens of empty rooms. With very few people in need of major assistance, help can easily rush to save those in critical condition.

Linda's eyes flicker several times. Her thoughts race.

"We haven't had a casualty in weeks!" Linda bellows. "How could we have three at once? This makes no sense!"

"I don't know." Private Kittel says. "I'm not a doctor..."

Before long, they arrive at one of four rooms across from each other. Linda flicks her gazes inside, where she sees three groups of three children each, all resting after having their poison extracted.

But inside the fourth room...

Her stomach metaphorically crumbles to ash.

Linda walks in and finds all three of the girls, ages eight, ten, and eleven, laying unmoving on their beds.

Sheets cover their bodies to preserve their dignity.

Inside the room, a trio of demons turns their attention to Linda as she enters. Emperor Belial, Rosalia, and Leeroy, the Duke of Restoration.

Seeing Linda, Belial bites her lower lip. "I'm... I'm sorry, Linda. I was too slow. I came to his room last, but they were already..."

Linda lunges toward the bed. She activates her suit's scanning equipment, hoping beyond reason to find signs of life slumbering within the hearts of these poor children.

Reality proves to be unforgiving.

Their life signs come up nonexistent. Their body temperatures, well below the appropriate levels.

Linda stands, silent, staring down at the children before her. A crushing weight presses upon her soul. A sense not only of deep loss, but deep guilt.

She offered to supervise these girls.

She failed to take all the necessary precautions.

In Linda's mind, it is not the bugs that killed them, but she herself.

"No... no..." Linda whispers. "These... precious babies..."

Like Linda, Cassiel also feels a deep, terrible despair.

"I... wasn't fast enough." Cassiel whispers. "I was too weak. A failure... a failure like always..."

Lily shivers. She sniffles and wipes at her eyes as tears begin to well up, uncontested.

"Uuu... uuuu..."

However.

Soleil's eyes narrow.

The construct steps forward and brusquely shoves Linda aside. She looms over the children's bodies, scrutinizing their covered figures as if they lay naked before her, no secrets capable of withstanding her gaze.

Shocked, Linda scowls at the construct. "Y-you little! What the HELL is your problem?! Show some respect!"

At her words, Soleil's head snaps up. She turns it ninety degrees to stare at the woman standing beside her.

"I detect Chaos Energy within the bodies of these children."

Every person in the room freezes up. They gaze at Soleil in shock.

"W-what? Chaos Energy?" Linda asks. "What is that? What do you mean?"

"Isn't that... Gressil's energy?" Belial whispers. "Are you saying...?"

"These children did not die to the poison." Soleil states with absolute certainty. "My observations regarding those insects and the toxicity of their venom leaves no doubt. Something else killed them."

She pauses.

"_Someone_ killed them."

Cassiel, standing behind Soleil, violently shudders at the name of her tormentor. She sags against Lily, who helps to hold her up.

Belial's eyes narrow with deep suspicion.

"Gressil..."