Part 528: Blinker's Recovery

Jason, Fiona, Rebecca, and Kar stand inside the Spynet Sphere, watching in silence as ten minutes of realspace footage plays out before them. At a rate of 250 times faster than realspace, they needed 2,500 minutes, or 41.6 hours, to fully conclude Diablo's big moment as he launched a surprise 'attack' on the Labyrinth. Now that almost two days have passed in Chrona time, the four of them can properly discuss the situation.

"Well. Hurgh. That's not good." Kar concludes.

"A fair assessment." Rebecca adds, turning to look at Jason and Phoebe. "This Spynet Sphere isn't half bad. You can even keep an eye on places Marie can't."

"I'm guessing her surveillance of the Milky Way is more... comprehensive." Jason quips.

"To put it mildly." Rebecca replies. "But I think even she would find this structure admirable on your part. You're starting to use the brain the Creator gave you."

Rebecca glances around at all the various monitors.

"You're not exactly an intellectual, Jason, but having an extra 250x more time to think about things as they happen in realspace is certainly going to help you narrow the gap. Just be careful that you don't become too distanced from the problems outside Chrona, or else you might find yourself thinking about humanity's issues in a more disconnected manner."

Jason shakes his head. "Not gonna happen. I care about humanity a lot. I made Chrona so I'd have time to solve the issues plaguing my species."

"I'm sure you did. It's just a warning, in any case." Rebecca concludes. "Now, regarding Diablo..."

"Any idea what he just did?" Fiona asks, not yet having seen the after-effects of Diablo's spell.

Rebecca gestures at the monitor showing Diablo's giant ugly face. "If I had to guess, I'd assume he's found a way to take control of the Labyrinth's 'nervous system.' We'll know more over the following realspace hours, but Miss Becker has been worried something like this could happen for millennia. If Diablo is a Cosmic, or can at least wield the power of one, he's likely found a way to subvert and seize control of Satan's creation. After all, Hell is a living super-organism."

"What will that allow him to do?" Jason asks. "Are my people in danger?"

"Almost certainly, but I'll need time to figure out the specifics. For now, we'll simply have to keep an eye on the situation as it develops."

Fiona looks at Kar, then at Rebecca. "Have you checked on Blinker's physical condition yet?"

"Yes. Why don't we all go to the medical ward?" Rebecca says. "We can return to Diablo in a bit once a few more real-time minutes have passed and we know more about what's happening."

Rebecca exits the Spynet Sphere with Jason, Fiona, and Kar close behind her. Kar walks with the assistance of two robotic exo-legs, but his movements are clearly still stiff and awkward. Fiona hasn't had time to give him better technology, but at least his legs no longer dangle underneath himself uselessly.

After they cross the small city inside Chrona to arrive inside the medical ward, they find Blinker laying in bed like usual, her expression tired but with slightly more energy than a week before. Her children sit around a table not far from her bed, chattering to one another about various childish things.

"Kar..." Blinker says slowly, lifting her tired eyes to smile at her husband as he enters the room.

"Butterfly." Kar says lovingly.

He sits beside her bed and listens as Rebecca voices her concerns out loud.

"I have good news and bad news. The good news is that Blinker is in no danger. She can exist in this state indefinitely, and given time I can heal her condition to bring her back up to where she was before she exited Chrona's space."

"...then what's the bad news?" Jason asks, praying it won't be too severe.

"It's not as bad as you might think." Rebecca says. "It will take between six months and a year of Chrona-time to restore Blinker back to her old self. To understand why, I need to explain to you the way time dilation affects an entity's body and how that can change depending on who that entity is."

She pauses for a moment before launching into her full explanation.

"As a Cybernite, time dilation does not affect me. But that's not because my body is metallic. Even fully robotic organisms can suffer catastrophic failures when subjected to extreme swings of temporal flux. Rather, Marie Becker created the Cybernites to be highly advanced life forms that have transcended many different mundane hazards. And like the Cybernites, other organisms can resist the effects of temporal flux to varying degrees."

Rebecca holds up her hand, causing a holographic projection of a familiar Demon Emperor to materialize before the group.

"I am only hypothesizing here, but I believe Beelzebub would also be quite resistant to the effects of temporal flux. If you were to bring him to Chrona, he could live here indefinitely and transfer into and out of Chrona's unique temporal signature without suffering major ill effects. This is because Beelzebub is an organism who has gained highly advanced regenerative capabilities. But other strong entities, such as Blinker, Belial, Kiari, and so on, they can also resist the effects of temporal flux to different degrees."

"So, stronger bodies have better resistance to higher TDRs?" Fiona questions.

"Generally yes, but it's not a hard and fast rule." Rebecca continues patiently explaining. "Biology is complex, and even if someone has a strong body, they might have a weak mind that can suffer permanent cerebral afflictions due to losing sync with realspace. In Blinker's case, she is a fairy gifted with a strong mind who also owned the power of the Sphinx for a short while. This has evolved her body's abilities drastically. Had she not obtained the Sphinx's power, she might have..."

Rebecca leaves the implication to hang in the air uncomfortably.

"She might have _what_?" Jason asks, frowning with worry.

"It's better if you don't know. Let's just say her death would have been quick and gruesome. This is why playing with the higher states of temporal flux is a dangerous game. You, Wordsmith, are extremely weak of mind and body. If you left Chrona, you'd most likely die a horrible death within seconds, and possibly even instantly. In all ways but spiritual, you are still a baseline human."

"What if I Wordsmithed 'invincible' on myself? And 'regeneration'?" Jason asks. "Wouldn't that make me able to resist?"

"Possibly..." Rebecca replies, her tone uncertain. "But I wouldn't chance it. Unfortunately, until I come up with a more long-term solution, you should not leave Chrona's sphere under any circumstance."

Jason becomes quiet for a moment. He looks away, falling into thought.

"...I brought a few of the Felorians here. Brunhilda and a handful of her subordinates. Are they in danger?"

"How long did they stay in Chrona's sphere of influence?" Rebecca asks, before quickly adding: "In terms of Chrona-time, not realspace time."

"A few hours at most. Not even a minute of realspace time." Jason says.

"Then they should be fine. I have looked into the Felorians before. Their bodies are a bit hardier than a baseline human, especially due to their unique connection with the 'Wind Mother.' Their ability to wield Qi means they can travel in and out of high states of quantum flux for _very_ brief periods of time. And that's the rub, really. It's not only about a person's strength of body or mind, but the amount of time they spend within a state of high temporal flux, as well."

Fiona nods along. "I think I get it. You mentioned before that traveling into a high state of flux is like a deep-ocean dwelling organism exiting the water and living on land. They can handle it for a while, but the effects will heighten depending on how much time they spend in the new environment."

"Exactly correct." Rebecca affirms. "You could bring an ordinary human to Chrona for a short while and the effects wouldn't be severe. They might not even be affected at all. But the longer they spend in Chrona's dimension, the more drastic the effects on their biology until they are no longer able to leave."

Blinker looks at Rebecca. "Then... you said... there's a way... to fix me?"

Rebecca smiles kindly. "There is. It's not a quick solution, but I'm certain it will work. The Volgrim have long ago created solutions for the various problems arising from extended stays in dimensions high in temporal variance. The simplest solution is to re-synchronize Blinker's physique to Chrona once more... but I must warn you that doing so will be a bit of a _permanent_ alteration. If she leaves Chrona again, death will likely follow quickly afterward."

Rebecca glances behind herself at Kar and Blinker's crocodilian children before looking back to the others.

"Unfortunately, these children are also unable to leave. They were born into the higher dimensions and cannot leave, and neither can Kar either. If they do, their bodies will almost assuredly... meet a swift end. I'll spare you the details."

Kar sighs quietly.

"Hurgh. That is unfortunate. It seems my wife and I, along with our children, have become effectively imprisoned in this dimension."

"It's not all bad, Kar." Rebecca says, walking over to his side to pat his scaled back. "You'll get to retire from the frontlines, raise a family, and leave the fighting to others. I doubt the Plague can reach Chrona. Only a Psion trained in spatial manipulation or a demon like Yardrat could travel here, and that's assuming they know the spatial location of Chrona's anchoring point. Since I don't even know where it is, I doubt any of them could figure it out."

"What do you need to restore Blinker's condition?" Jason asks. "Materials, tools, name it and I'll Wordsmith it."

"We are going to require Hyper Particles..." Rebecca says slowly. "But Marie can synthesize those. I plan to show you how they function, too, so you can create more as needed. But most of the work is simply a lot of fine-tuning extremely precise temporal measurement systems, and a long waiting period once the tool comes online. The stress on Blinker's body will be quite severe, which is why it's best to take this transition process slowly. Over time, I will re-acclimate her to Chrona's dimensional speeds until she can walk and regain her energy. Then things will proceed more quickly from there."

She pauses.

"In the end, Blinker should require less than a month to be up and walking around, with five more for a full recovery."

"A month away... from my babies..." Blinker says in dismay. "But at least... I can survive. Thank you, Rebecca."

"Don't even mention it." Rebecca says with a smile. "I'm here to serve Jason and humanity alike, and you're his good friend."

Jason and Fiona both thank Rebecca profusely, and the Cybernite gives Jason a long list of metals and other materials to procure, then the two of them depart the medical ward, leaving Rebecca behind to prepare some preliminary tests to ensure Blinker will be in the proper condition to receive her treatments.

...

Later that day, as Jason Wordsmiths various types of metal, wiring, and other knick-knacks into existence, he pauses for a while to stare ahead, becoming lost in thought.

Fiona notices after a few minutes of silence when Jason stops uttering Words of Power. She turns away from a computer workstation, where she is currently constructing an updated variant of the T-REX, to look at Jason with mild concern.

"Honey? Everything okay?"

Jason doesn't reply. He continues to stare off distantly, as if not having heard her words.

"Honey? Jason?" Fiona repeats.

The Wordsmith finally blinks. He turns to look at her. "Huh? You say something?"

"I'm just wondering if you're okay." Fiona repeats. "Is something on your mind?"

Once again, Jason doesn't immediately respond. He looks at a batch of copper wires in his hand absentmindedly, then averts his eyes to look off into the distance once more.

"It's just... kind of hitting me now." Jason murmurs. "This whole situation. I can't leave Chrona. If I do... I'll die. But I also can't bring Phoebe here either. Not unless I want her to become a permanent resident, unable to leave."

He sighs.

"This changes everything. All my plans, up in smoke. I wanted to spent 20, maybe 40 years in Chrona to upgrade my abilities and explore my powers, then I was going to return to realspace. This was only supposed to be a temporary venture. But like always, I screwed things up badly. Blinker has suffered because of me. And now I can't be around to raise my son."

Fiona slowly turns in her chair, stands up, and walks over to sit beside Jason. She massages his back gently, her touch enhanced by Chrona's enhancements to her spiritual body. She's almost fully corporeal now, but only so long as she remains in Chrona's space.

"You couldn't have known." Fiona says. "Even I didn't know about the long-term negative effects of temporal dilation."

"Right, but in hindsight it's so obvious. I should have done my research." Jason grumbles. "How could there ever be such a good deal? Why wouldn't all the Volgrim just live in a higher state of time dilation if it's so convenient? I'm an idiot. I took a shortcut and screwed up AGAIN. That's all I ever do."

"No it's not..." Fiona says, trying to comfort him. "Everyone makes mistakes. You can't keep beating yourself up every time you stumble. You just have to pick yourself up and keep trying."

"But that's the thing." Jason says. "What if me 'helping' only aggravates situations? What if I'm just so inept that everything I touch falls to pieces? Supposedly I'm a Chosen One, some person the Heroic Aura decided was capable of saving humanity. But I failed my daughter, I failed Kar, I failed Blinker, humanity, and now I've even failed Phoebe and Timothy too. I have to interact with my wife through a robotic proxy-Jason. That's screwed up."

"I believe in you." Fiona says firmly. "And I know Phoebe does too. It's easy to look at all your past mistakes, but think about the good you've accomplished, too! You made the Belial Booster, the Body Booster, and the Lazarus Tower. You made lots of devices that will, in the long run, greatly strengthen humanity. We suffered terrible losses, especially to Beelzebub, but you brought everyone back eventually."

"I didn't bring Daisy back." Jason says quietly.

His words seem to suck the oxygen out of the room.

Fiona lowers her head.

"No. You didn't. But... but at least... at least she died protecting her daddy. You haven't failed Timothy, you just need to engineer a solution to this temporal flux situation. If you can do that, then you can exit eventually and return to Phoebe's side. You won't miss out on your son's birth."

"But how do I solve that problem?" Jason asks. "Wordsmithing won't fix Blinker. I tried Normalizing her. I tried other Words of Power too. None of them worked."

"Well, you always treat Wordsmithing itself as your primary ability." Fiona says slowly. "But what if... what if it's simply a tool? And with that tool, you can use it to create other things?"

Jason nods slowly. "I'm listening..."

"Marie Becker said it best, didn't she?" Fiona explains. "She said you have the power to create new Exotics. Why not start there? Try and make stones, rocks, bars of metal, and whatever else. Try imbuing them with abilities, or something. Remember Dellfingler?"

"Yeah. The talking sword." Jason says. "You think I should make more sentient artifacts?"

"Not... exactly." Fiona replies, her face contorting into uncertainty. "More like... like things that can help you in other ways. Like, uh..."

She trails off, uncertain of what to say. But as she talks, a spark ignites in Jason's eyes.

"Like buff items!"

Fiona blinks. "Huh?"

"From video games." Jason says, his tone turning noticeably lighter. "Items that give passive effects or that have a beneficial aura! I bet I could make a helmet that enhances my thinking speed! Like Solomon's Crown! Or maybe I can make a sword imbued with fire! Or... I don't know, something more practical?"

"Those do sound like pretty good ideas..." Fiona says, though she sounds less than certain. "But will that work?"

"I don't know. I've never tried." Jason admits. "I attempted to duplicate Solomon's Crown once, but I failed. Maybe I can't make artifacts at all? This is at least worth exploring in theory. Maybe I can... maybe I can make an artifact that allows me or anyone else to travel between different states of temporal flux at will! Like a necklace, or a belt, or something like that!"

Fiona's eyes light up. "Oh, yes! That's more like it! That does sound practical. But will you be able to succeed?"

Jason's enthusiasm wanes. "I don't know. Like I said, I've never tried it before. But I was able to sharpen Dellfingler far beyond the realm of the ordinary, and make him sentient. I feel like imbuing artifacts should be possible."

"Then I say you should start work on that today." Fiona affirms. "It's better than sitting around and feeling defeated, right? And you can always pop over to the Spynet Sphere once in a while to see how the Diablo situation is shaking out."

Jason smiles, feeling much better after having this epiphany. He turns his head to look into his mind-wife's eyes, deep affection visible on his face.

"Yeah. I love you so much, Fiona. If it weren't for you being here with me, I don't know if I'd make it..."

He starts to lean toward her, but Fiona pulls away.

"Jason. We can't."

"Huh?" Jason asks, blinking in confusion. "What? We can't kiss?"

"It's... it's just not right." Fiona says, pulling away. "Jason, you're married to Phoebe, not me."

"But you were made from Phoebe..." Jason protests. "What, you think it's cheating if I kiss my mind-wife?"

"We haven't done anything intimate since you created me." Fiona says, firming her tone.

"But..."

"No buts." Fiona says, standing up and putting a small amount of distance between herself and Jason. "If you really think it's okay, then would you want Hope to make out with Phoebe?"

"That's different." Jason protests. "He's... he and I are complete opposites! We're entirely different people! You and Phoebe are practically identical!"

"Practically." Fiona repeats. "But not exactly. I'm not going to get into double-standards or anything like that. I love you just as much as Phoebe does, Jason. I'd love to... to be _with_ you like that. But it wouldn't be right. What if Phoebe found out? Maybe she'd try to act like it was fine, but _would_ it be? Or would she grow to resent you and I both? Is that a cloud you want hanging over your marriage?"

Several long seconds of silence follow. Jason maintains eye contact with Fiona, but eventually looks away. His passion cools, and he releases a long breath.

"I... no, you're right. I'm sorry. I wasn't thinking straight. You're Fiona, not Phoebe. I shouldn't just- it's not right."

Seeing Jason has returned to reason, Fiona gently sits back down beside him. "I do love you, Jason. And I know you love me. But I'm a... monogamous woman. And Phoebe is too. We can't share you, and it wouldn't be fair for me to 'steal' you away."

"But... doesn't that mean you're destined to be alone?" Jason asks, looking at Fiona with a faint expression of pity. "You told me before that you wanted me to bind your existence to Chrona. If I do that, then..."

Fiona sighs softly. She crosses her arms and avoids Jason's gaze.

"I've... already thought about that. If you think rejecting your advance is easy, you're wrong. It hurts. This is _why_ I told you that creating me so thoughtlessly was a bad decision. I have to live with this feeling of... loneliness. And since I still love you so deeply, it hurts every time I see you with Phoebe. I can't just move on to another man, either. It feels like a betrayal of the marriage vows I made, even though that wasn't me."

Jason stays quiet for a moment.

"...this must be how Hope felt when he saw me with Phoebe mere seconds after his creation. I hurt him, and I hurt you."

"You did." Fiona acknowledges. "This is why playing with clones and Wordsmithing thoughtlessly is so dangerous. Hope and I are both living imposter lives. He feels he should be in your position. I feel I should be in Phoebe's position. But we're not in those positions, and we never can be, either. We're stuck with who we are now... living as half-humans."

"Just another thing I've screwed up." Jason mutters, despondent. "Add it to the pile."

"As long as you learn from your mistakes, and don't repeat them," Fiona says softly, "then you can continue to better yourself as a person."

She gently touches Jason's back. He looks at his mind-wife and gives her a sad smile. Then he stands up and turns to leave the warehouse.

"I... I'm gonna go and see what I can do with those artifacts." Jason says. "Let's talk later."

"Uh. Sure." Fiona answers back.

Without another word, Jason exits, and as the door closes behind him, Fiona fights back tears.

"I said it." She whispers to herself. "I finally said it. I just... I didn't think it would hurt _so much_ to say..."