Part 576: Seven Months Later

Seven months, or a little more than half a year, pass in Realspace.

With its first period of peace following Jason Hiro's awakening in the Cryopod seven years earlier, Humanity obtains a short but sweet period of breathing room to grow.

Under ordinary circumstances, seven months wouldn't mean much. Even children conceived at the start of such a period wouldn't be born yet. But because of the existence of the Wordsmiths, the reality of the situation has deviated from any sane observer's expectations.

For the people living inside the lowest TDR-area of the Cube, which moves through time at twice the speed of Realspace, 14 months have passed.

For those living in the five-times-faster areas, 35 months have passed.

And for those who opted to live inside the highest TDR zone, which moves at ten times the speed of Realspace, 70 long months have passed.

70 months is no small number. For those who conceived at or around the moment they entered, their children will have already turned five years old. Those children know nothing of the universe outside, living contentedly inside a veritable paradise free of predators and fear alongside their parents.

Perhaps, even on Ancient Earth, none ever lived such a luxurious existence, benefiting from the rapid accumulation and development of the greater Human Empire while paying little to no price to do so.

And yet, compared to the situation inside the Hall of Heroes and Chrona, the residents of the Cube cannot begin to fathom just how much time has passed.

For the permanent residents of the Hall of Heroes, well over 58 years have passed.

And for those living inside Chrona, 146 years have come and gone like the wind.

To the Volgrim, 146 years is nothing at all. A short isolation session for the High Psions to meditate on their Psionic Seeds. A brief period of development for a new but minor technological innovation. A tiny and insignificant blip on the timeline of their multi-million-year Empire.

But for the humans, 146 years of development inside a secret dimension has yielded gains far beyond any they could have ever imagined...

---

For Beelzebub, it is a day like any other. Ordinary. Somewhat boring. Lacking in excitement.

The Emperor of Inferno doesn't usually sleep, since his body has no need for it. Some Emperors do if they are injured, or if they have undergone significant mental stress, or perhaps if they are fornicating with humans. In the eyes of demons, humans need to sleep so much because their bodies are fragile and weak, like those of other lower Sentients. Higher Demons may rest their eyes for a bit after passionate lovemaking with one or more human partners, but even then, it's not something they absolutely must do to survive. Merely one of a million pleasures they occasionally indulge in.

Beelzebub strides around his residence, a small house he had the humans build for him with a few accumulated Merits. Over the past seven months, he has traveled to the Belial Booster and Uplifted dozens of lower demons allied with humanity. Not just him, but Belial, Kiari, and other Emperors who have joined the human ranks.

Leeroy, formerly the Duke of Restoration, has risen to the rank of Emperor and earned a new title. Upon doing so, his powers of healing surged to a level beyond even Belial, making him humanity's most capable healer. This allowed him to take over the entire Hospital, affording Belial more free time for her own activities.

As the newly crowned Emperor of Duality, his powers over life have reached a level of being able to even restore even the most broken and damaged brains of people injured through any means. Had Belial been knocked into a coma and Leeroy been around with his current power, he could have woken her up without any trouble.

Beelzebub slips his arms into his long-sleeved white undershirt. He wraps a tie around his neck, slides it beneath his collar, and looks in the mirror while quickly and efficiently adjusting its position. Afterward, he steps into his black suit pants and waist coat, adjusts his belt, and sits for a moment to put on his black shoes.

Beelzebub has always been one of the demons who dressed impeccably. Indeed, it was his species that created suits and latex outfits, which were later co-opted by the humans. Demons found this irksome, but it didn't really matter. All demons knew humans were thieves, so it was best not to get into conflict with them over such minor matters.

With great care, he laces up his shoes. He stands up and checks himself out in the mirror, turning to examine his sides and back to ensure there isn't a speck of dust on his person.

After a few moments, he stops and looks at himself with a sense of despair.

"No. I'm not feeling it today."

In an instant, Beelzebub ignites his entire body with flames. He burns away all of his clothes, reducing his expensive suit to ash. His shoes melt into sticky tar, and his room catches fire. But just as quickly as he summons the fire, he sucks it away, reducing the damage to a bare minimum.

At his level, conjuring flames is no longer his limit. He can absorb them and extinguish them just as easily.

He stands fully nude in front of his mirror, shakes his head, then walks over to his closet to grab a white T-shirt and some baggy cargo shorts. He slips them on, then steps into a pair of black flip-flops.

He exits his house wearing an outfit so casual and nondescript that the Beelzebub of just one year before might have vomited in horror. Yet, he now feels absolutely nothing. This casual dressing down simply doesn't mean a thing to him anymore.

Beelzebub shoves his hands in his pockets. His house, situated atop a mountain five miles north of the Western Warpgate puts him at the edge of human civilization on Tarus II. Already, in just the last seven months, half a dozen new cities have been created across Tarus II. No longer is the Fortress of Retribution the only place humans live, but other isolated areas where resources are rich and privacy is high.

At two miles above sea level, the air is too thin for most humans to live comfortably. But to a Demon Emperor like Beelzebub, it doesn't harm him in the least. He doesn't experience even the slightest shortness of breath. Perhaps that is because, due to reasons unknown to him, he is more than a mere, ordinary Emperor.

Beelzebub levitates off the ground. He begins to travel forward at a slow and steady pace, no longer needing to fly via flame-jets ignited under his feet. Instead, the energy of the universe, and the latent heat in his surroundings propels him through a means perhaps even he does not fully comprehend.

Beelzebub silently soars down the mountain toward the Fortress of Retribution. It takes him ten minutes to travel the distance, but he is not in any particular rush to go anywhere, so he doesn't care.

Beneath him, the apartment complexes have expanded on the western edge of the city by two orders of magnitude. Thanks to Phoebe Hiro's incredible home-building inventions, people can construct large dwellings in a single day, and huge apartment complexes in half a week. With humanity's population rapidly ballooning not only because of their own species, but intercourse with other species, the need for family residences has exploded.

If the changes on Tarus II are considered extreme, the changes across the entire Milky Way are even more so. Already, a small but rapidly ballooning population of humans has taken residence on Pixiv, the world of the fairies. Humans have also returned to Sharmur, along with a surprisingly large number of demons. With Diablo dead, the Middle Cosmic Deities have seen fit to take more personal control of their territories. After all, while they would have felt threatened by the Archdemon, him being gone has proven to be a potential blessing in disguise.

Not only have Pixiv and Sharmur become colonized by humans, but Maiura's population has likewise increased, albeit not quite as ridiculously. When humans lacking the Flaw breed only with other humans, the pregnancy rate increases, but the growth rate of their fetuses remains unchanged. A mother still needs nine months to bear a child, which means that Maiura's first generation of children have yet to be born.

Or at least, that would _seem_ to be the case for those unaware of the Wordsmith's dimensional-creation abilities. Who can truly say whether Hope Hiro has remained as silent as his other half...

Beelzebub flies above the residential region toward the upper plateau in the center. When he arrives, he touches down, and only a few people nearby even give him a second glance. These days, Barons, Dukes, and Emperors are an all-too-common sight on Tarus II. Even the sight of Beelzebub doesn't stir much interest among people, aside from the most ardent haters of the famed genocidal maniac.

Beelzebub walks past a food stand erected in the central plaza, where a simple meat vendor sells some fresh exobeast-burgers to a pair of pretty human girls. Beelzebub frowns for a moment and glances at the girls' backs. One of them has dark black hair, while the other has white hair, making them look like yin and yang together.

"-just love a good Brittle Burger, Cammy!" The black-haired girl chirps. "You have to admit, the way the juice spills out is so satisfying!"

"It is." Cammy replies, her voice soft. "But... I don't know if I feel good about eating meat. Murdering animals just to eat them is a little..."

"Oh, you don't have to if you don't want to. I hear there's a veggie burger stand a couple blocks over. Wanna try that instead?"

"Sure, I'd like that, Serra." Cammy says.

The two of them turn to leave, but they flinch slightly when they see Beelzebub looking at them. Cammy's eyes widen a fraction, while Serra's posture stiffens. She takes a step forward, putting herself between Cammy and Beelzebub.

Suddenly feeling awkward, Beelzebub coughs and looks away. He quickly turns and leaves, feeling bad that he startled the two girls. It's not the first time people have looked at him with hatred, or fear, or some other raw emotion. Even so, it always makes him feel a deep pang of guilt.

_Thought they seemed familiar._ Beelzebub thinks to himself. _Stupid. I shouldn't just stand and stare at two women. They'll probably think I'm a deviant. Best to keep my eyes to myself._

As Beelzebub departs, Cammy walks up behind Serra and whispers softly, "That's Beelzebub?"

"Yeah." Serra whispers under her breath. "He killed a lot of people."

"He doesn't seem so bad." Cammy mutters. "There's a sadness in his eyes."

"Don't be fooled. He's one of the worst monsters in the galaxy." Serra growls. She coughs, then forces a smile. "Let's... let's go get those veggie burgers, okay?"

"Yeah. Sure."

...

Beelzebub wanders over to the central gardens. He spots the figure of the former Hero, Sir Lorent, teaching an entire class of children how to paint, while his cute little assistant, Shana, demonstrates his teachings to those who aren't quite swift of mind enough to pick up on his explanations the first time. Over the past seven months, Lorent has obtained a deal of notoriety for his works of art, fame which he has put to good use educating people on the joys of artistic expression.

Beelzebub watches the lesson from afar, his enhanced hearing picking up bits of what Lorent is saying. Something about the flow of colors, blending different shades to create never-before seen hues, and some sappy stuff about how emotions can be made manifest through art.

Beelzebub doesn't care about art, so it goes in one ear and out the other.

He turns to walk away from the garden, only to pause when he sees a man and a woman walking toward him, the man holding a babbling baby in his arms.

"Beelzebub! It's great to see you." The man says with a smile.

"Hey, Beelzebub!" The woman chirps, her red face turning pink with a happy flush.

"Saul. Kiari." Beelzebub says, directing a nod both their ways. "How's married life treating you two?"

"The baby has been such a new experience!" Kiari says excitedly. "She's always hungry, always crying, and she's so hard to put to bed. Luckily I don't need to sleep anyway, so I try and take care of her so Saul can rest."

"I take care of little Sheba during the day." Saul says, motioning with his head toward the little girl in his arms. Interestingly, despite having pale human-colored skin like Saul, she has pointed demonic ears, like Kiari, marking her as a cross-species baby.

"Bah bah?" The baby babbles, looking at Beelzebub curiously.

"She's a cute child." Beelzebub says politely, smiling at the little girl.

"Want to hold her?" Kiari asks. "She seems to like you!"

Beelzebub coughs. "No, no, I ah, I don't know about that. I'm not good with the little creatures..."

"Little creatures?" Kiari repeats, directing a wry smile his way. "Oh, Beelzebub! You're such a funny guy. Come on, just give it a try! Saul's arms are getting tired anyway, so this'll give him a moment of reprieve."

"Well, I mean, I don't really-" Beelzebub starts to way, only to swallow his words as Saul steps toward him with the baby outstretched. "I- I suppose I could give it a try. Ugh."

Beelzebub crinkles his nose to hide his despair. What does he give a damn about some other person's baby? This is all just so annoying...

With a barely hidden grimace, Beelzebub carefully holds the baby in his arms, just like Saul shows him. Little Sheba pulls at his white T-shirt and babbles something nonsensical, but her eyes seem to light up when she looks at him.

"Aww, I knew it!" Kiari squeaks. "Sheba loves you! You should come by and play with her some time, Beelzebub! Neither Saul nor me really have any family, so it'd be great if Sheba had a uncle around!"

"An uncle?" Beelzebub asks. "Well- I mean, I don't know if that word really applies. That's more of a human term, yes?"

"Bah bah! Beel-Beel!" Sheba cries, grabbing at Beelzebub's shirt a little tighter.

"Eeee!!!! She said your name!!!" Kiari half-screams, hopping up and down in excitement. "Did you hear, Saul! She said _Beelzebub_!"

Saul chuckles. "Her first word, and it's not even 'mama' or 'dada.' Kids these days are really something."

The trio continues to chat for a minute, but when Beelzebub tries to pawn the baby off to Kiari, Sheba continues to hold onto his shirt as if it were a lifeline.

Even in spite of his faint annoyance, Beelzebub can't help but admit the baby is a _little_ cute. Not that cute of course. It's just a stupid human baby, dumber than an imp. Heck, even imps are spawned with the basic ability to speak, so human babies are way below that level.

But...

Well...

She _is_ just a _little bit_ cute.

Beelzebub chuckles, but quickly catches himself and returns to his usual stoic expression. "Hmph. Little brat really doesn't want to let go, does she?"

"Bah bah! Bleh bleh!"

...

Beelzebub and Sheba finally part ways. The little girl starts crying afterward, forcing Kiari to soothe her with some gentle back-pats.

She wanders away, leaving Beelzebub and Saul alone for a few minutes.

"So." Saul says, his smile fading. "You doing alright, Beelzebub?"

"I'm quite fine. Thanks for asking." Beelzebub replies.

"Hmm. You're wearing... odd clothes. For you, I mean. This isn't your usual style," Saul points out, gesturing to the T-shirt and shorts with a nod of his head. "Trying something new?"

"Yes. Something like that." Beelzebub answers.

A momentary pause.

"...well. Alright, it's rather... that is to say, I'm not exactly..."

Beelzebub mumbles some words Saul can't quite make out. He looks off to the side, his frustration made obvious by his facial expression.

"I don't even know, Saul." Beelzebub finally says, his expression darkening. "It's this... this feeling. There's something wrong with me, but I can't put my finger on it."

"Something wrong with you?" Saul repeats, as he leans back on his heel and strokes his short beard. "Like what?"

"That's the thing. I don't know." Beelzebub answers. "I feel as though... I'm... stagnant."

He pauses again to collect his thoughts.

"I don't think I can put it into words. It's simply a feeling of stagnancy. I see humanity rapidly evolving, adapting, changing. I see the demons have uplifted themselves, but that's _it._ We're like the Volgrim. We move, we think, we _evolve_ too slowly to stop what's coming. The Plague has changed, and I feel its Threat looming over us."

Saul remains silent. He listens as Beelzebub continues to speak.

"I'm the same demon I've always been. My mentality has changed somewhat, but I haven't made any serious improvements in my capabilities. I'm just a fellow who throws fireballs. When all you can do is shoot flames, every problem is solved by turning things to ash. It makes me feel so... _limited._"

"I see." Saul says, his expression becoming serious. "You know me. I don't keep up with the stuff that goes on around the galaxy. I just tend to my garden and make sure my wife is happy. But I've heard stuff from Kiari recently that made me feel the way you do."

He pauses.

"The demons have rebuilt Hell Harbor. But they didn't really improve it. The same forces that destroyed Hell Harbor could destroy it again. The Plague took out Sharmur, but it could do the same thing a second time. The demons do stuff, and when that _stuff_ fails, they just do it again."

He raises a pointed eyebrow. "You demons are a bunch of blockheads. That's what I think. You're not creative at all."

"Right, yes. Creativity, or a lack thereof. That's what I've been feeling, lately." Beelzebub says with a deep nod. "I'm stuck in a rut. I don't know how to get out of it either."

For a brief moment, neither man says a word.

"Beelzebub..." Saul says, breaking the silence. "You said you're a flame-guy, right? You manipulate flames?"

"That's right." Beelzebub says. "It's sort of 'my thing.'"

"Sure, sure. But... is that _all_ you can do?"

Beelzebub blinks. "Pardon?"

"You have the power to conjure fire, right? You can, well, you know... _blow yourself up_. But is that all? What is fire, but energy? Have you ever thought about that?"

Momentarily stunned, Beelzebub looks down at the ground.

"Fire... energy... no, I don't think I've ever given it much thought. My body tells me what I can do, and so I do it."

Saul snorts. He shakes his head, crosses his arms, and looks at Beelzebub derisively.

"Any human worth their salt, put inside your body, would be doing all kinds of stuff to experiment with their arsenal. Maybe that's why you feel stagnant, brother. Why are you only doing the bare minimum with the powers the Creator gave you? Even the Wordsmith slacked off in the beginning, but look at what he's accomplished after putting his mind to the test! Your abilities might be more limited than the power of Wordsmithing, but with a little bit of imagination, maybe you could do a lot more than you think."

Saul gestures off to the side, where Kiari nurses her baby under a small blanket.

"You know, funny story. Kiari manipulates bugs, right? She can command them, move them around, and even make them grow as big as busses. That's pretty interesting, right? But she had a similar problem as you. She didn't feel like she could do much with those limited abilities."

"She's been building entire cities with her bugs single-handedly." Beelzebub points out. "That's been more helpful to the humans than anything I've done."

"Kiari has earned more Merits than any other individual aligned with humanity." Saul acknowledges. "But that's not my point. Kiari had a lack of imagination, just like you. I convinced her to try experimenting, and she found all sorts of novel uses for her bugs she'd never even considered before. Bugs can spin webs, fly, spit venom, suck blood, and all manner of other useful deeds. When used correctly, any _one_ of those abilities can have dozens of practical applications, both industrially, militarily, and in the realm of consumer goods."

Saul chuckles. "Shoot, who do you think tends to the Central Gardens? It's mostly Kiari. She permanently changed the way the bugs in here think, reproduce, and evolve, so the garden can maintain itself while keeping the creepy-crawlies out of sight. It's beautiful, and it's harmonious."

Beelzebub glances around himself at all the beautiful flowers, trees, and ponds filled with fish and other small creatures that have taken up life amidst Tarus II's Central Gardens. Suddenly, the gardens take on a new meaning. They are a deep expression of Kiari's love for humanity. They are an expression of her latent, budding creativity, born from the love she has shared with a seemingly ordinary human male.

"Imagination. Creativity. Limitations..." Beelzebub mutters, more to himself than to Saul. "I see. I still don't entirely get it, but... but maybe you're onto something, Saul. Maybe I have been missing the forest for the trees..."

Saul smiles kindly. He takes a step forward and claps Beelzebub's shoulder.

"I think you're getting the picture. Don't be so hard on yourself, Beelzebub. Maybe if you find yourself a cute human girl, she'll make a big impact on you. Maybe she could even help you unlock the potential that Kiari and I see in you."

Beelzebub smiles wryly. "I can try, I suppose. I just don't think I'm a good enough guy. Nobody will ever forgive me for my past actions. Even if they did, I don't know if I'd deserve such a grace."

"No. You're too hard on yourself." Saul says, pulling away his hand. "It's easy for someone to be a good person when they were born into a virtuous family and loving home. It's much harder for someone who was born into a culture of violence to become good. And, in my opinion, the latter is far more praiseworthy."

"Hmm. Maybe so..." Beelzebub concludes, a thoughtful expression playing at the edges of his face.

Kiari wanders back over. She, Saul, and Beelzebub talk a while longer, then they depart, heading off to deal with the important matters that have been stacking up. Despite her love for Sheba, Kiari has many duties to attend, and she cannot set them aside for long.

After they depart, Beelzebub sits on a bench in the Gardens. He listens to the chirping of birds, the trickling of pond water, and the distant, faint voice of Sir Lorent as the ancient Hero continues to speak to the children before him on the merits of artwork.

"If only I could go back in time and slap my younger self." Beelzebub says with a chuckle. "That fool had no idea how wonderful humans truly are. I have to do right by them... even if they never stop hating me. It's what they deserve."

He leans back on the bench and looks up at the blue-green sky.

"Maybe I should find someone to talk to about my powers. Surely... _surely_ there is more I can do. This cannot be the limit of my capabilities..."