Part 124: Battle Against the Black Soul

**[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1RWL9Q_muak)**

My mind travels to Catherine as she gestures to the other angels. _Take humans, leave. Uriel and I, battle the Reaper._

Raphael, Uzziel, and the Saints all nod. They issue orders to the cherubs nearby, and the small contingent of angels begins quickly shooing the primitive humans away, guiding them to safety.

Gabriel shakes his head. "I shall help, as well. We cannot take any chances with Valac. He's too dangerous."

Uriel grits her teeth. "Over my dead body. This bastard is mine. I've been itching to pay him back for setting his whore upon me. Her Demonic Trance was an experience that shall haunt me for the rest of my life."

"Do not be brash, sister," Gabriel says, a note of warning in his voice. "The Grim Reaper can kill anyone he grazes with his scythe. Thou shalt need all the help-"

"I need nobody's help!" Uriel yells. She gestures toward her four light constructs, each one waiting to pounce. "Stay out of our way!"

Gabriel hesitates. He and Catherine share a look of worry. _Uriel's going to get herself killed if she faces the Reaper alone,_ our eyes say.

Meanwhile, Valac merely watches as the humans flee. He fixates his gaze on Uriel and ignores everyone else. "Those who face me alone have a death wish, methinks. How unfortunate it would be if your eyes were to blink!"

Valac vanishes.

A movement like a flash of light rushes at Uriel's back. Valac appears behind her and impales the Archangel, sending her careening off the edge of the cliff.

_Sister?!_

Catherine's stomach flip-flops. By the time she starts to react, it's already too late. The Reaper turns to face us.

"Ehehe. That's what happens when you-"

Valac pauses.

His head turns to stare at Uriel's light constructs. Despite her apparent death, they have yet to disperse.

The Reaper spins to face the edge of the cliff. "Curses!"

Uriel swoops up the sheer bluff and swings her golden spear at the Reaper. He manages to deflect it with his scythe, but the impact from her blow sends Valac careening backward - right into the arms of Unit One. The male Light Construct holds its sword and shield defensively and slashes at Valac the instant he enters its range.

_Swish!_

Valac's body cleaves in half, sending his particles scattering into the ether. His cloak crumples against the light construct, then flops to the ground.

_Uriel!_ Catherine's eyes light up in surprise. _How dids't thou...?_

The Archangel ignores my question written in the air. Instead, her eyes begin roving the cliffside.

"Valac can reform his body if something happens to it. That means he's not dead. Be on thy guard!"

Catherine's look of relief vanishes. She nods and raises the Sword from Heaven in her right hand, and Aegis in the other. The tower shield seems to engulf our body with its presence, but in reality, it doesn't protect our flank at all. Catherine seems acutely aware of this fact. She divides her attention halfway between her front and back, hesitantly waiting for Valac to strike.

The Grim Reaper materializes several dozen feet away, hovering over the hundred-foot-drop once again. His face, still shrouded by his hood, betrays no emotion. However, his body language appears tense, and his voice seems to echo that impression. "Tch. I impaled you with my scythe, yet still, you live. Surviving my attack is something I cannot forgive!"

Uriel smirks. "Thy scythe can rip the souls from thy enemies' bodies, isn't that right? I shifted mine away from where thy accursed weapon struck me. It missed completely."

Valac's fingers tense around his scythe. "That's impossible. You're lying."

Uriel smirks. "Perhaps I am. Perhaps I am not."

The Archangel of Protection appears confident in her assessment. However, a moment later, her eyes flick to the left. A shimmer of movement in the air reveals an incoming attack. Uriel slams the butts of both spears into the ground and shoves herself away as Valac appears. He swings his scythe out and misses her by inches.

Catherine blinks, stunned by what she sees.

_Two Valacs? How?!_

In addition to the one that just appeared, the original Valac continues to hover over the edge of the cliff. Interestingly, only the newcomer wields the scythe. The weapon vanishes from the original's grasp.

"So, thou possesseth the ability to copy thyself," Uriel murmurs. "That must be the trick to thy deceptions, Valac."

The Undead King titters to himself. "Kekeke, all this time, I've been quite discreet, but at last you've discovered my deceit. For a century I've planned your ultimate defeat, and soon I'll have you licking my feet!"

Uriel snarls. "Thou shalt chew dirt if I have anything to say!"

A blur of motion ensues. Uriel throws caution to the wind and pounces at the second Valac. Her spears twirl and stab like angry vipers, lashing at his blind spots and weak points. However, Valac counters, batting her attacks away with surprising agility. At some point, Unit One lunges at the first Valac, while Unit Two maintains her distance and summons a bow and arrow of light.

The original Valac dodges all of Unit One's attacks. Without his scythe, he seems unable to counter-attack the light construct slashing at him. The Grim Reaper never grunts or hisses as he dodges, instead choosing to quietly size up his opponents and learn their attack patterns.

Catherine's eyes dart between the two battles. She squeezes her sword's handle hard enough to send tinges of pain up her arm.

_What should I do? Uriel told me to stay back, but I can't let her fight by herself! Valac is too dangerous!_

Suddenly, the scythe vanishes from the second Valac's grasp. Uriel slashes his chest and kills him, but the weapon reappears in the original's grip. He instantly reverses the flow of battle and impales Unit One. The Light Construct explodes into particles of Holy Energy, and Valac vanishes. He reappears behind Unit Two and pierces her spine, transforming her from an angelic figure to dust in the wind.

Uriel spins to face him. Her eyes narrow. "Interesting."

Valac keeps his back to Uriel, but turns his head slightly to peer at her from the corner of his cloak. "Figure something out, did you?"

The Archangel doesn't respond. With a flourish of her hands, she resummons Units One and Two.

Valac stiffens.

"What's this? You can revive your minions?"

Whenever the Grim Reaper drops his rhyming scheme, it sends a chill down my back. This time, he isn't playing around. He sounds genuinely surprised.

Catherine flinches as Gabriel places his hand on my shoulder. The Archangel of Power stares at Valac for a moment, before whispering to me. "Catherine. Do not lose faith. Uriel is a legendary warrior, even among the Archangels."

I use my sword to draw letters in the air. _Valac has the upper hand._

Gabriel nods ever so slightly. "For now."

Uriel smiles. "Ever since I stepped foot on Earth's soil, I've noticed a strange sensation tingling through my feet and wings. A current of mana in the air. Though faint, the taste is unmistakable. Demonic energy taints the very air I breathe."

Valac turns to face her. "Oho, aren't you perceptive like a hawk? I do hope you're more than just talk."

"Shut up, abomination," Uriel hisses. "The longer we continue to trade blows, the faster I'll unravel thy tricks. Let our weapons do the talking."

Catherine's eyes dart behind Uriel. From the ground, a faint but unmistakable shimmer of light rushes toward her.

Valac nods. "Hehe. Oh, yes. I agree."

Before Catherine can warn her sister, the shimmer of light detonates like a grenade. An explosion of toxic gas discharges against Uriel's spine, blasting the Archangel off her feet. Uriel flips head over heels, spins, and twists through the air. She slams against the ground only a dozen feet from Valac.

Catherine's eyes widen in terror. The Reaper instantly teleports atop Uriel and swings his scythe down.

_Ting!_

Valac's weapon ricochets off Gungnir, the golden spear, knocking the Reaper off-balance. Uriel swings it behind herself to protect her flank, surprising both Catherine and Valac. Neither of them anticipates the movement.

The Archangel of Protection bashes her head against the ground. The odd maneuver allows her to use her Earth Magic to fling herself back to her feet. With Valac still caught off guard from her deflection, she easily pivots into a sweeping attack with Gae Bolg and decapitates the Reaper.

It takes me a moment to blink and figure out what happened. Valac's cloak falls to the ground, while my eyes travel to Uriel's wings. His acrid smoke chews at her feathers like ravenous parasites, but eventually fizzles away into nothingness. With a few hand signs, Uriel summons water magic to heal herself.

Once again, Valac rematerializes several feet away. "You're starting to piss me off, wretched little chicken. Despite my ambush, your movements did quicken. I underestimated you, this crafty vixen... tell me how you saw through my attack, and I'll have a listen."

Uriel glowers at the Reaper. "I ose thee nothing. But thou art correct. I'm beginning to understand something about thy nature."

Gabriel mutters under his breath. "Catherine. Valac is neither here nor there. Somehow, the Grim Reaper's aura has expanded to fill this entire area."

I flick my gaze to the towering Archangel. _His aura? How?_

"I do not know. Most beings have an invisible aura surrounding their bodies. In my case, it grants me a nearly impenetrable defense. In Valac's, it appears to grant him spherical vision of everything around himself."

Valac turns his head to look at Gabriel. "Ehehe, so you've detected my Soul Aura, after all this time? Perhaps I was wrong about you; your perception seems sublime."

A chill goes down Catherine's back. _How could Valac hear Gabriel from two hundred feet away? My brother barely whispered._

Uriel plants Gungnir's butt in the dirt and switches to using Gae Bolg in a two-handed style. "I've noticed something else, Valac. Why dost thou not wieldeth thy lantern? My family spoke of its appearance in vivid detail."

Catherine's eyes dart to Valac's left arms. Indeed, he wields his scythe, but not his bone-lamp.

Valac lowers his head. His voice takes on a menacing edge. "You're a little _too_ perceptive for my liking."

"Heh. Maybe so," Uriel says with a smile. "And now that thou hath grown used to my dual-wielding style, how about I mix things up a bit? So far, thou hath used all the same tricks against me as ye did my sisters. I must say I'm... _disappointed._"

Valac chuckles. "Hoho. It seems you think yourself a challenger worthy of the King."

"Thou art no king. Thou art a dead dog!"

Uriel charges Valac. This time, she twirls her single spear around her entire body. It flips, spins, and jabs with three times the intensity of when she wielded both spears. It almost seems like using two was a hamper on her combat capabilities. 

Valac summons not one, but five copies of himself. Each one swoops and screeches like an enraged banshee, diving at the Archangel from all directions. Valac's scythe disappears from one of his copies and reappears in the grasp of another, only to disappear and reappear again. It transmits from between them so quickly that I lose track of which one has the weapon.

Uriel doesn't. Each time Valac's copies aim for a finishing strike, she bats his attack away with enough speed and confidence to rattle mine.

While Uriel deflects Valac's barrage, she occasionally unleashes a wave of fire from her body, forcing the Reaper to retreat for a split second. Uriel uses the opening to cut down two to three of his clones, only for him to resummon them again.

Catherine's stomach churns as she watches the battle. From my point of view, everything seems to be going well, but worry builds in my host's mind. _Even if Uriel cuts down a thousand of Valac's clones, he will merely summon more. She will grow fatigued as time goes on. There's no way to defeat him using her current tactics!_

Uriel's smile maintains itself through the whole fight. Her speed increases as the battle rages, likely due to her muscles loosening up and her mind becoming more capable of following the movements of all five of Valac's bodies.

Suddenly, one of Valac's copies zips away. It flies into the air, motions with its hands, and the ground trembles beneath Uriel's feet. A torrent of souls rushes toward her from all directions. The Archangel gasps as a hundred of them explode at the same time. The horrible black cloud of gas ejects in all directions, rushing toward Gabriel and me, as well as the nearby forest. Before Catherine can react, Gabriel grabs her by the back of her armor and violently flings us backward. His incredible strength accelerates us from a standstill to hundreds of miles an hour in the blink of an eye, rocking my stomach with nausea.

Catherine opens her mouth to yelp in surprise, but only a whisper of air escapes. She flaps her wings in midair and struggles to decelerate, but by the time she manages to spin around in midair and right herself, we've already traveled two miles. The cloud of gas engulfs an area the size of a football stadium.

Catherine shakes the disorientation from her head. _Uriel! Gabriel!_

I don't know what happened to them. Neither does Catherine. The Saint quickly flies back, but warily keeps her distance as she eyeballs the acrid black smoke from high above. 

If I had to guess, I'd assume the humans have perished. There's no way they could outrun Valac's attack.

"Catherine!" A male voice yells out. I turn to spot Raphael flying toward me. The old man stops to hover a few feet away and gazes in horror at the smoke. "What happened down there?"

Before I can answer, something surges from inside the black smog; A massive tornado whirls into existence from where the souls detonated. The artificial cyclone rapidly sucks in the toxic haze and purifies the air, turning Valac's biological weapon inert. At its center stands Uriel, spinning her spear overhead to create the vortex of wind.

Raphael exhales. "Phew. As expected of our sister."

Gabriel stands in the same spot as before, unharmed. A faint holy aura surrounds his body. It crackles and sputters as bits of the demonic gas brush him, but he pays them no mind.

Raphael and I swoop toward the two remaining Archangels. Coming to a stop, we land beside Gabriel.

"Brother, what happened after I left?" Raphael asks. 

Gabriel stares at Uriel. His eyes rove her body, looking for injuries as she blows the toxic gas upward to disperse harmlessly into the atmosphere.

"I am not certain. Valac attacked Uriel with his black smoke. Then, he vanished."

Uriel lowers her spear. She glances around and crinkles her nose. "The rat-bastard hasn't left. He's still here, watching us. I feel his aura touching me."

"His aura?" Raphael asks. "I don't understand."

"The Grim Reaper is projecting his spiritual energy in a wide field. It allows him to follow our movements, among other things. I don't know what he's doing with his souls, but I know he can copy himself."

Raphael's expression turns grave. "I see. His manipulation of souls has gone this far, then? That means Valac must have summoned Corrosive Miasma."

Uriel raises an eyebrow. "Corrosive Miasma? Dost thee knoweth the origin of this infernal gas, brother?"

"Aye," Raphael says. "Tis a terrible plague, one I last witnessed during the Primordial Era which devours both flesh and bone. I find myself surprised Gabriel and thee were unharmed after encountering it. Perhaps the Reaper's Miasma is much less potent than that which I encountered in our ancient past."

Uriel narrows her gaze. "How dost thou knoweth the origin of this... this toxic gas, brother?"

"A terrible Titan once wielded it, one we called Morva," The Archangel of Wisdom replies. "I shan't say anything else. This old man must keep knowledge of the primordial era a secret, for the sake of the treaty."

Uriel shakes her fist at Raphael. "Were I not here, that Miasma could have choked the life from everything in the area. Now is no time for riddles."

Raphael shakes his head. "No riddles. Only the truth. There is no need for me to explain anything. Usage of Corrosive Miasma is as dangerous to the caster as it is to his enemies."

Catherine quickly writes words in the air. _The Reaper, no flesh. Miasma won't hurt him._

"Perhaps," The old man replies cryptically. He doesn't elaborate.

Uriel's eyes scan the surrounding area. Valac doesn't reappear.

"Tch. I barely got to enjoy myself. What a coward. Why would he show himself, only to flee after hitting me with a surprise attack?"

Raphael rubs his chin thoughtfully. "I do not know. In the meantime, Uzziel and I have managed to evacuate her pet 'humans.' I summoned a portal to send them elsewhere. They are safe, for now."

"Hah!" Uriel laughs. She walks over and snatches Gungnir from the spot she embedded it. "Safe. That is a riot, Raphael. Thy jokes are a great source of merriment, as always. I believe the Reaper's aura might wrap around the entirety of Earth, allowing him to see everything happening throughout the entire world. He will find Uriel's 'humans' and kill them."

Raphael balks. "Unlikely! Nobody can stretch their aura in such a way! 'Tis an absurd notion. Perish the thought."

"I am certain of my intuition," Uriel says. "It explains how he can keep disappearing and reforming his body. His aura is in all places. That must mean he can instantly travel anywhere on Earth. All of our troops are in danger until they know this fact."

The old man nods, accepting her premise. "Very well. If that is the case, then there must be a way we can counter it. Perhaps-"

"Speak no more," Uriel says, holding a finger to her lips. "_He hears everything you say._"

Raphael pales. He flicks his eyes around, uncertain what to do. "I... I... if we cannot discuss this matter... then..."

"Heaven is still safe," Uriel says with a smile. "Valac's presence does not reach our dimension. Rather, it _cannot_. Heaven's Holy Energy is far too mighty for Valac to breach. Come. Let us return home. We will discuss counter-measures there."

Catherine nods.

However, as my host sheathes her sword, suspicion bubbles in her mind. _No. There's something else. We don't have all the pieces to the puzzle. There must be more to Valac's magic than meets the eye. What, I wonder, is the secret to his power? Surely, he isn't unkillable. Michael taught me that every enemy has a weak point. Even Valac._

Catherine bites her lips as the four angels take off and return to Mount Sinai.

_He must have a weakness!_

---

"Curses. CURSES!!"

Valac screeches angrily. I appear inside his mind and arrive in a scene of chaos. The Reaper storms back and forth inside a cave littered with thousands of bones. The only source of light is Valac's lantern, sitting atop a circular altar in the center of the room. The Grim Reaper violently kicks his foot out and sends the remains of creatures clattering across the stony ground.

"That little angel WHORE! How... how DARE she pry into my abilities! Who gave that wench the _right_?!"

The confident facade of the Reaper shatters in my mind as he stomps around and throws a tantrum like an angry toddler.

"I've never been so _humiliated_ in all my life. And by a wretched _woman_ at that! Uriel thinks she's unstoppable, eh?! I'll show her! I'll show all of them!"

Valac wraps his bony fingers around a rock and squeezes with all his strength. It explodes into dust and falls through the cracks in his bones.

"I've given up so much to earn this power, and what do I have to show for it? Worthless grunts who follow my every command! That's all! I didn't even get the satisfaction of killing Satan myself!"

Valac slams his fist against the stone altar. Dried blood from several ritual sacrifices scrapes off and sticks to our bony hands.

Doesn't Valac know Satan is alive? He told Camael he could see into the future. Why wouldn't he know Satan survived?

The answer comes to me after a few moments of introspection.

Valac isn't omniscient. He's only putting on a facade to fool others. If he can see into the future, that doesn't mean he knows what will happen, just as Camael doesn't know, either. Uriel caught him off-guard today, as well. He isn't the demon he pretends to be. He's powerful, certainly, but insecure as well. His knowledge of the future is colored by his own misgivings and flaws.

The Reaper grabs a small boulder and drags it to the altar. He sits atop it and reaches out to touch his lantern.

"I won't let that Archangel shame me. Uriel thinks herself mightier than the Grim Reaper? What a farce. Perhaps I ought to sow some discord among their ranks... show the angels who rules them. Uriel might be able to combat me, but the others can't- gah!"

Sharp pain rings out among the dullness of Valac's senses. His ribs bend and flex, causing the Reaper to double over. He leans against the altar and clenches his teeth together for several moments.

"Bloody- not this again! Raphael, you bastard. How could you possibly know... know about my pain? How many soul manipulators have you met, you senile old bat?!"

Valac doesn't breathe, nor does he have any internal organs to clutch. However, it still takes him a full minute to right himself before returning to his lantern.

"Anyone who insults me will receive a thousand deaths, each worse than the last. I won't forgive them. I won't forget!"