Part 578: Meeting With Unarin

Hope teleports Neil and Linda to the landing platform of the Founder's Thumb on the world of Volgarius. The moment they arrive, the husband and wife duo pause for a few moments to get their bearings while turning and looking around themselves.

An island of foliage forms a green barrier separating the Founder's Fingers from the not-too-distant hellscape of glass and steel that has come to devour every last inch of the rest of Volgarius. Even from their high vantage point, Neil and Linda cannot make out the tops of the Stratoscrapers that have pierced miles above the planet's thick cloud-cover. Only the area directly above the Founder's Fingers lacks clouds, allowing them to faintly make out the distant Void they can never hope to touch with their mortal abilities.

Unarin's residence, the Founder's Thumb, is without a doubt the most politically important strategic position in the entire Milky Way. It is from this lone skyscraper, far smaller than the stratoscrapers in the distance, yet somehow much more imposing as a result, that countless decisions take place on a daily basis which will affects the livelihoods of trillions of Volgrim.

Neil's heart thumps in his chest. Despite trying to maintain his cool, seeing is believing. Compared to the paltry little 'city' he has constructed on Maiura, he cannot help but feel like an uneducated country bumpkin stumbling into the castle of an intergalactic deity.

Neil is nothing at all. He is dirt beneath Unarin's shoes. Were it not for his moderate intellect, which Unarin has found slightly interesting, he might not have even been invited here today.

What 'leader of humanity's military'?

What 'man who holds the Wordsmith's ear'?

These are meaningless titles before true political power. He has no prayer of throwing his weight around before Unarin. The best he can do is act with shrewd intent, putting his unique Terran strengths to the test.

Perhaps, something useful may come of this visit.

...

Five minutes pass while Neil and Linda survey the distant horizons, the buzzing of spaceships numbering in the millions as their speck-sized silhouettes zip across Volgarius's sky. Eventually, they turn when they hear the quiet footsteps of someone approaching them.

"Greetings, Neil Adams, leader of the human army. I am Muuxunuu, First Founder Unarin's Head Administrator."

A beautiful pink-skinned Ascended stands before them, her limpid blue eyes transfixing the attention of both Terrans. For a moment, Linda suddenly feels ashamed, as if she is but a mud wasp standing before a fairy queen. She momentarily feels inadequate as a woman, devoid of any feminine charm. She feels old, ugly, and perhaps even a little bitter.

That thought passes when she sees no affection in Neil's eyes. He truly has no interest in the beauty of an alien princess or whoever this 'Muuxunuu' might be.

"I have come to pay the lauded First Founder a visit at his request." Neil says, his tone neither servile nor overly egotistical. "I pray I did not arrive too early?"

"You have arrived at the designated time." Muuxunuu says, turning her attention to the woman at Neil's side.

"My wife, Linda Adams." Neil says, gesturing to his right.

"I hope my coming here was not a breach of decorum." Linda quickly says, lowering her head when she meets Muuxunuu's gaze. Unlike Neil, she is not an adept politician, and she cannot help but react involuntarily when placed before a creature of such exquisite beauty.

"Founder Unarin will be pleased to meet the wife of Neil Adams." Muuxunuu says, her tone giving no hint as to her own thoughts on the matter. "Please follow me. I will guide you to Unarin's Garden."

Neil and Linda nod. They follow behind Muuxunuu, remaining silent as she begins leading them down various hallways, past Technopaths and Changelings of many different types. Some of the Changelings are in their natural states, but more than a few have half-adopted the forms of other Sentient creatures across the Milky Way. One Changeling even sports fairy wings, making Neil frown.

The halls they travel through are bleakly nondescript. No interesting murals have been painted on the walls, nor have any words been etched or portraits been placed. Neil's mind swirls with countless observations as he realizes just how bland the lives are of his presumptuous alien overlords.

They have no imagination. They seemingly lack all creativity and interest in art itself.

Their society is stagnant, and they have lost their momentum.

A smile flickers on Neil's face for half a second. It quickly disappears.

_So it's like that, hm?_ Neil thinks. _Perhaps I can use this to my advantage._

It takes nearly twenty minutes to ride down various turbolifts and walk down different floors and halls of the Founder's Thumb before they arrive at the bottom level and step outside into the sunny day. Volgarius's star burns a little more orange than Sol did on Earth, but Neil only notices the difference if he really looks for it. He and Linda follow behind Muuxunuu as she leads them across a paved walkway adorned with beautiful blue and green color patterns. For the first time, Neil notices a hint of artistic flair, and it slightly surprises him.

That flair becomes more and more pronounced as they draw closer to Unarin's Gardens, a beautiful oasis of greenery complete with trees, terraces, and a large central fountain with a statue of a male Ascended at its peak, the man's hand raised up to the sky as if trying to grasp the universe within the palm of his hand.

Neil and Linda both pause to look up at the statue. Having seen Unarin's image several times in the past, they can't help but think the fellow depicted is not the First Founder, but someone else. The details don't quite line up, but they aren't familiar enough with Ascended appearances to pinpoint what details are incorrect.

Just as they're about to ask Muuxunuu, a voice speaks from the opposite side of the fountain.

"His name was Vedric. The greatest Ascended to ever live."

Unarin steps out from behind the fountain, slowly walking around its large water-filled border as he speaks.

"He was the first of our kind. He mastered our unique abilities and helped to make our sub-species rule over the others. While he held no aspirations for leadership, his gifts for visions of the future were unparalleled."

"Unarin." Neil says, bowing his head slightly to be polite. "It's good to finally meet you."

"And to meet you as well." Unarin says with a smile.

"This is my wife-"

"Linda." Unarin says, nodding to her in response before Neil can finish his sentence. "I do try to keep abreast of humanity's political situation and important marriages where pertinent. My dear Linda, you are quite the lovely flower."

"Oh, you're just being polite." Linda says, lowering her eyes. "I'm not pretty at all."

"Au contraire," Unarin says with a nod to Neil, "I beg to disagree. Your species has such a unique aesthetic, I always enjoy looking at its males and females."

The three of them exchange some more words while Muuxunuu wanders off, leaving Unarin alone with the two humans. Neil eventually gestures up at the statue.

"Vedric, you said? And he was able to see into the future?"

"That's correct. The tapestry of time is not one mere mortals can peer through, but Brother Vedric was a unique case. He was one of the Milky Way's Four Envoys, the Envoy of Karma. As such, he was able to see the karmic web woven by the actions of his future descendants."

Unarin sighs softly. "But unfortunately, one day, he peered too far into the future. He saw something he was not supposed to see, and died shortly after. The last words he spoke to me were..."

Unarin trails off, causing Neil to raise an eyebrow. "They were?"

"_The Great Shattering._" Unarin says softly. "He told me I would be one of its causes. Beyond that, I've little understanding of just what it was that my brother saw. A monumental event certain to affect the balance of our galaxy in some drastic way, at the least."

"It sounds ominous." Linda says. "I don't look forward to things being 'shattered.' It's always a negative event."

Unarin looks at her for a moment, then he nods.

"You're probably right."

He pauses, then gestures toward the Garden's interior.

"If the two of you would be so kind, I'd like to meet with someone to complete our little party."

Neil and Linda follow behind Unarin, slightly puzzled by his implication. They pass through a pair of stone columns attached to a moss-covered wall, where they enter the heart of Unarin's Garden. Inside, a long brook trickles quietly, and small birds and insects buzz around, preying on those weaker than them. Some of the bugs seem quite familiar to Neil and Linda, but others are truly alien.

However, they don't pay much attention to the sights, because what they find inside is a powerful Demon Emperor standing with her arms folded behind her back.

"Emperor Crow." Neil says, his kindly eyes hardening in an instant. He examines the blue-feathered Emperor with visible hostility, but keeps his words in check so as to not disturb Unarin or make a scene.

"I understand you are not friendly with the demons, Neil." Unarin says, turning to look back at the two humans. "This is not conducive to a good future between our species. The four of us will sit and discuss this matter."

Crow and Neil both nod. Unarin and his three guests sit at a small wooden table while a pair of beautiful Technopath women bring them refreshments. Neil and Linda remain silent, waiting for Unarin to continue the conversation.

"So this is why you had me wait." Crow says instead. "You want me to parley with the humans."

"I want all of us to talk. To speak without holding anything back. And to _resolve_ a certain number of longstanding issues." Unarin says, correcting her with a mild tone. "The Milky Way is on the precipice of defeat. Only by uniting all of our species together can we defeat the New Kolvaxians. It will not _do_ for me to have to worry about one of you backstabbing the other at a critical moment."

Unarin directs a harsh look at Neil. "This especially means you. Even now, you are barely capable of suppressing your bigotry in a setting this cordial."

"It isn't bigotry." Neil snaps back. "That would imply an _undeserved_ hatred of another race or species. The demons deserve to be hated for all the horrors they've wrought on humanity."

"Indeed, I will not deny those past actions were truly vile." Unarin affirms. "I must also confess to my own tacit acceptance of the old status quo. I allowed the demons to predate on your species. In hindsight, I should not have done that. I should have taken a more active role in brokering peace and unity between the two."

Neil nods. "Yes. You should have."

"Still, nobody can change the past." Unarin says. "Many have tried, all have failed. What is more important is the journey we must take as we approach the future."

Unarin pauses for a moment. He clears his throat before he continues speaking.

"I want to clear the air between our three factions. Right here, and right now. I believe all three of you may hold false assumptions about me and my goals. It is essential these beliefs be rectified in order for us to cooperate more closely."

Linda tilts her head. "What do you mean?"

"I have little doubt, based upon observations I've made and reports I've read, that many humans, demons, and monsters think me a tyrant hellbent on holding power." Unarin carefully explains. "You believe that I want nothing more than to control the entire galaxy, place your species in submissive positions, and humiliate you for my own pleasure."

He pauses.

"Well? Am I off the mark?"

Neil maintains a tight smile, but his eye noticeably twitches. Crow doesn't respond, and neither does he.

Their silence speaks volumes.

"I can understand why you would believe such a thing." Unarin says. "Your species have entire libraries filled with tales of mighty Emperors, Kings, and Presidents who committed horrifying atrocities to further their own ambitions. If these histories are filled with such commonalities, than how can you possibly trust any self-appointed galactic ruler such as myself?"

Once again, Unarin falls silent, allowing his words to percolate in the air.

"I cannot offer you anything beyond my word. I am willing to divide the Milky Way into four sections if we win this war. The Human Empire, the Demon Empire, the Monster Empire, and the Volgrim Empire. Compared to the upcoming Akashic War, our squabbles are nothing at all. We would do well to unify our strengths and work together to seek common ground."

Neil blinks in surprise. He didn't expect Unarin to take the discussion in this direction.

"You would give up three quarters of the Milky way to other Apex Species?"

"Of course." Unarin says. "The Plague has not been entirely negative toward the Milky Way. Did you know that every world the Plague infests will, over time, grow to become a Paradise-class planet? The Plague devours life, but at the same time it spreads life abundantly. It _kolforms_ worlds from dead rocks into life-rich planets any of our species would thrive on."

Neil glances at Crow. She looks back at him, both of them having only heard this information for the first time.

"So." Neil says. "We work together, exterminate the Plague, and there will ultimately end up being far more worlds for our species to colonize than before? A hidden benefit to tens of millennia of brutal death and violence?"

"Precisely." Unarin answers.

Linda clears her throat. "How do we know that you will keep your word? And how do we know our species united _can_ take the Milky Way back?"

"As I said," Unarin says with a sigh, "I can only make a verbal promise with you. You would have to take me at my word. As for whether or not our species will succeed, that doesn't matter now, does it?"

"It doesn't?" Linda asks, bewildered.

"Of course not." Unarin retorts. "I am saying that in the event we succeed, we will divide the galaxy four ways. But if we don't succeed, it doesn't matter. We'll all be dead anyway."

"I can't agree to a proposal this important on my own." Crow says. "I am only an envoy for the Deities, here to represent their interests, not to make decisions on their behalf."

"I don't expect an immediate answer." Unarin says. "But before you drag your feet to see if you can entice a better offer out of me, I'd like to show all of you something."

Unarin activates a holographic display on the table, showing a map of the Milky Way.

"You three may be under the impression that the Kolvaxians have gone into hibernation, or have fallen inert. That is not the case. Rather, they seem to have either lost or given up the ability to infest dozens and hundreds of worlds at once. Now, they appear on a single world at a time, but without infesting the planet's core. They materialize on the surface, but differently from how they used to."

Unarin shows a series of red dots showing Kolvaxian infestations over the past seven Tarus-months.

"Only fifty worlds lost." Neil notes. "A sliver of a fraction of what it used to be."

"In the past, we would lose a thousand worlds a day. You're not wrong." Unarin says slowly. "But the difference is, now the Volgrim, and any other species on the worlds being attacked, have no recourse at all. The Kolvaxians wipe out only one world at a time, but it no longer takes them ten to twenty cycles to fully exterminate all Sentient life. They can do it in less than one, and _nothing_ we throw at these menaces can exterminate them. They have become too powerful."

Crow's expression becomes gloomy. Neil remains impassive.

"Hold on." Linda says, frowning as she looks at the map. "Is it just me, or does it seem as if the worlds infected all directly link to one another? As if the Kolvaxians are moving from one planet to the next in a line of some sort?"

Unarin raises his eyebrow. "An astute observation, Miss Adams. I see why Neil married you. Yes indeed, there _is_ a pattern, and it shows that _whatever_ method the Kolvaxians are using to world-hop, it seems to be moving toward the core planets."

"Towards Volgarius." Neil says.

"Not just Volgarius." Unarin correct him. "Numaria is in the path of a future attack, as are Tarus II, Maiura, and Pixiv. These are all key strongholds we do not wish to lose."

Linda points at one of the dots. "This one is the most recent attack, right? But it's dated over a month ago."

"And that is why I called you here today." Unarin says, once again nodding appreciatively at her. "The Plague has gone silent for twenty-nine of your Maiuran cycles. It has not infested any worlds, which implies to me it is about to planet-hop to a very important strategic stronghold. I do not know which one, but I fear it will cause a great disaster if we are not prepared."

Unarin abruptly slams the side of his fist on the wooden table, making the other three jump!

"Now is NOT the time for division or civil wars!" He exclaims, startling the others with his sudden change in demeanor. "The Plague is but the weakest footsoldiers of our future enemies. How can we stand with our chins held high during the Akashic War if we are too busy biting at each other's ankles like dumb, untrained mutts? I am pledging now that if any Kolvaxians attack one of your allied worlds, I shall dispatch my Executors to assist you in your defense. Since they no longer need to spread themselves out around the galaxy, my High Psions can mass their strength to tilt the fight in a more favorable direction."

"But didn't you say before that you weren't able to save any worlds from falling to the New Plague?" Crow asks pointedly.

"That's true. We're still attempting to create weapons that are effective against the Enhanced Plaguehosts." Unarin admits. "We _can_ kill individual Kolvaxians, let there be no mistake, but when they clump together, there is little we can do to wipe them out en-masse. That is why I want the Demon Deities and Wordsmiths to join hands with my High Psions. If the Plague only attacks one world at a time, then together we might be able to stop their momentum!"

"I don't know about that." Linda says, crossing her arms. "What if the Plague is toying with us? What if its central hivemind is only _pretending_ to be capable of attacking one world at a time? Perhaps if we mass all our forces together, it can instead lash out at ten thousand worlds and eradicate them in an instant. We'd be playing right into its hands!"

Once again, Linda makes an excellent observation that forces Unarin to cool his engines. He nods brusquely at her.

"I have considered that possibility. Naturally, if we are all working together, we will be at a disadvantage if such a situation occurs. But what does it matter if that is the case? If the Kolvaxians attack like before, we cannot stop them as easily than we did in the past. The only evidence I have to refute your question is that _the Plague no longer infests world cores._ Every Executor I've sent to investigate has said as much."

Linda and Neil look at one another. This sudden expectation of laying down their arms has caught them off-guard, but it has come at a truly opportune time. Nobody wants to face this terrifying and unstoppable new Plague on their own. Certainly not the humans, who don't have a single Cosmic in their ranks.

"I..." Neil says slowly. "I... will accept your generous offer, Unarin. Humanity will pledge to fight alongside the Volgrim... and the _demons_... if the Plague should attack any of your worlds."

Unarin smiles perfunctorily at Neil. "Excellent. That is what I was hoping to hear. And what about you, Crow?"

Seeing Unarin's attention shift to the Demon Emperor so suddenly, Neil's expression turns slightly darker. He immediately realizes that while Unarin would like to secure the Wordsmith's assistance, it is truly the demons with their multitude of Middle Cosmics who have the firepower he needs to protect the Volgrim's worlds.

Compared to the lauded demons, the humans simply... don't measure up.

Neil sneers deep in his heart. _You want to underestimate humanity? Feel free to do so at your leisure, First Founder. You may find my humble species has a bigger bite than bark when the going gets tough._

As for Crow, she maintains an aloof posture. "I will bring this matter up to the Deities. I promise to have an answer as soon as possible, and pray that we will be able to come to an... amicable resolution of interests."

"As do I!" Unarin says with a wide smile. "Now, before you all go on your way, why don't I introduce you to some long-lost Volgrim delicacies? You might as well have a taste of what our old culture has to offer, hmm?"

Neil and Linda laugh politely. "How could we refuse such graciousness, First Founder?"