Part 151: Battle of the Blades

Michael and Belial face off against each other. The succubus crouches low, keeping both of her blade-arms in front of her face to protect herself. She smiles cutely, but a hint of worry trickles in. It's clear from a single glance that she isn't underestimating her opponent.

"We've fought before," Belial says. "Your battle skills left a deep impression on me. I couldn't defend myself at all."

Michael holds his sword casually at his side and smirks, as if he hasn't any worries in his heart. "I see thy horns have grown since we last spoke. Thou art the first Emperor I'll have fought since thy people invaded Heaven. Dost thou, perhaps, pose a slight threat to me?"

Belial doesn't answer. Instead, she inches toward Agares. Her tail motions in the air, completing a prepared spell she set up beforehand. Belial touches her tail's tip to the beaten and battered Duke of Reptiles, sending glorious healing energy into his body.

"Uhh... ohhh..." Agares grunts as his shattered bones snap into place. "Th-thanks... Belial..."

"Thank me later," Belial replies. "I need backup. I can't take Michael alone."

"Neither can I," Agares replies, as he pulls himself to his feet. The old demon wipes his forehead and retreats a few steps. "You healed my body, but Michael beat the mana out of me. I won't be able to transform for a while."

"Do whatever you can to help me, then," Belial replies, her voice tense. She never looks back at her ally, instead opting to keep both eyes locked on Michael, waiting for him to strike.

However, Michael doesn't move. The Archangel of Courage yawns exaggeratedly and stretches his sword arm out, popping a kink in his elbow. "Thou art betraying thy weakness, little bloodskin. Plotting and planning with others is quite the pathetic ploy. The weak need numbers, while the strong need only themselves. Such is the law of the jungle."

Without warning, Michael flaps his wings. He charges straight at Belial, and a crazed look appears on his face. "Don't assume I'll allow thee to act as ye please!"

"Urk!" Belial chokes on her own spit as she hurriedly raises her arms to engage in battle with the Archangel of Courage.

_Ting ting ting ting!_

Furious explosions of light erupt between the two warriors. Michael's singular sword slashes at Belial hundreds of times per second, while she struggles to keep up with both bladed arms.

Seconds later, Belial takes a step backward and winces as she uses all of her strength to endure Michael's pressure. Her two swords split into four and begin striking at Michael's backside, but they don't come within an arm's reach before Michael bats them away.

"Hahahaha!!" Michael cackles evilly. "What's wrong, she-demon?! Have thou any tricks or cheats left?! I've yet to break a sweat!!"

Agares pulls away from the Emperor of Passion and her Archangel opponent. His pupils dilate as he gazes in horror at the battle unfolding.

"Belial wants me to help? Help?! I can't even follow their movements! These two are absolute monsters! How did I ever think I stood a chance against the Archangel of Courage?!"

Michael grins from ear to ear. His teeth glint from Heaven's Light as his left arm darts around at godlike speeds, easily outpacing Belial's bladed limbs. To him, time moves in slow motion, but his eyes still flick around warily as he eyeballs Belial's makeshift swords.

_This bloodskin drastically improved since we last fought! Her speed is not bad at all; she's at least half as fast as me! Even Catherine wouldn't be her match, now. And, with four limbs, all moving in tandem, I'm starting to feel the slightest bit of pressure..._

Michael grunts as he deflects one of Belial's blade-arms. His smile lessens ever so slightly.

_Urgh. The she-demon's speed is not my equal, but her strength matches Gabriel's. Hm. Half my speed, but twice my strength. Now that I think about it... perhaps I shouldn't play around._

Michael's grin intensifies once again.

_Nay! Not once since losing my memories have I encountered an adversary worth my time! I can't end it here! I can't!!_

Instantly, Michael reaches a conclusion. Belial's eyes zip around, trying to follow his sword, but her blood turns to ice as he does something out of her expectations. Michael bats away one of her limbs, releases his sword, and jerks his palm toward her chest.

_Ah! Too fast!_

Belial can't react in time to protect herself. Michael shatters her collarbone and flings the Emperor of Passion backward, sending her spinning and twisting across the grass. Huge tufts of greenery rip apart and spray in every direction. After two seconds, Belial grinds to a stop. Her four split limbs flop on the ground and lose all of their strength.

Michael deftly snatches his sword out of the air and lowers his arm to his side.

His evil grin slowly reverts to a simple smirk. _It seems this bloodskin's battle experience pales in comparison to mine. She lacks the heart of a fighter. Her earnestness is adorable, reminding me of Uzziel, but without an iron will and battle-hardened instincts, she cannot snatch victory from the jaws of defeat._

"Oh, dear. It seems my bloodlust was too much for thou to handle. Well, since thou dost possess Divine Healing, I would advise tending to thy wounds for a moment. Don't mind me. I will wait."

Belial's vision shifts hues. The bright realm of Heaven dims several times and changes colors, from red to green to blue, before finally readjusting itself. She shivers as not only pain, but a sensation of fear emerges in her heart.

_I thought I had a chance to defeat Michael. His attacks seemed to be slowing down. How did I lose? Was the Archangel merely toying with me?_

Slowly, Belial pulls herself to her feet. Her beautiful eyes, usually tinted pink thanks to her demonic heritage, have turned pure red thanks to several blood vessels bursting in them. Despite the horrifying change, fear courses through her body, becoming evident by her cautious movements.

The first thing Belial does is motion with her hands to heal herself. Her mana reserves drop slightly, but not enough to cause an inconvenience. 

After shaking off her apprehensions, Belial rises to her feet. The blood vessels in her eyes heal themselves, and her appearance becomes as beautiful as before.

"I thought I had a chance against you, even by myself," Belial says. "Maybe I was wrong. But... now that it's come to this... I suppose I don't have a choice."

Michael raises an eyebrow. "My battle spirit is higher than it has ever been in my memories. Please, I beg of thee... if thou can warm my blood by even a few degrees, do so. I love the thrill of battle."

"I don't," Belial replies, her voice grim. "I hate fighting. I hate it with a passion. But I also hate dying, and I love my husband. If I don't fight you here, he'll have to. I can't allow that!"

"Art thou implying that, of all the demons, only Satan is mightier than thee?"

Belial purses her lips.

"Probably."

Michael's breathing becomes heavier. "Then, after I capture thee and turn thy body into my plaything, I will battle thy husband, next. I offer my thanks to thee for this information."

Belial merges her four blade-arms and reverts them to five-fingered hands, then begins weaving a complex series of symbols. Her fingers trace through the air, forming an intricate diamond pattern. "Don't thank me yet, Archangel! You won't leave here alive!"

Michael's smug grin fades. He stares at Belial's magic signs, and soon, his expression turns into one of concern.

_Such a detailed magical pattern. I wonder what demonic magic she's about to unleash?_

Belial finishes, grabs at the air as if it was a fly, and then slaps her palm against her chest.

...Nothing happens.

Michael stares silently. After five seconds, he frowns.

"Did thy technique already kill me, or is it mere boredom ripping apart my soul right now?"

Hardly have the words left Michael's mouth before Belial's skin color begins to shift. Instead of a beautiful, shiny red, it changes to a dull, faded grey color. Tiny scales emerge on Belial's body, and her tail thickens noticeably. Huge, leathery wings erupt from her back, and her dainty, feminine hands transform into claws resembling Agares' lizard form.

Belial's eyes darken and shift to grey. Her human-like pupils change into a slit, and her teeth rapidly sharpen into those of a man-eater.

"I've only transformed twice in my life. Just now, and back when I first discovered this ability. I hate it more now than I did then. I hate ugly things... and this form, this True Succubus Form... is truly hideous!!"

Agares, watching from the sidelines, stares wide-eyed in surprise.

"A transformation? It resembles mine in many ways. Don't tell me... Lucifer didn't only give my power to Bael, but also..."

Belial doesn't turn to look at Agares, but she does nod and acknowledge him. "Yeah. Sorry, Agares. I let Lucifer experiment on me. I'm sorry if you're angry, but-"

"No way!" Agares yells. He pumps his fist in the air. "Are you kidding me?! Go nuts! Beat that shithead to death! Don't hold back on my account!"

Belial pauses. She flicks her eyes back to stare at Agares incredulously, then shrugs her shoulders. "Oh. Okay. Well, if you're fine with it, then..."

_Fwoosh!_

Belial launches at Michael. This time, it's the Archangel caught off-guard instead of the succubus. He reacts instantly, but shock still appears on his face. 

"Hoho! So thou dost consider thyself my equal now, eh? We'll see about that!"

Michael flaps his wings and launches into the sky. Belial mirrors him and flaps hers. Instantly, the two engage in a vicious round of aerial combat. Michael's eyes dart around, following Belial's swift movement.

_Tch. My eyes and arms move and strike with the power of lightning, but the rest of my body struggles to keep up. This she-demon has increased her speed to match mine, but the gains spread throughout her whole body! I'm no longer her match in strength or speed!_

Belial loses her ability to transform her limbs into blades while in her True Succubus Form, but her power, defense, and agility increase explosively! She darts at Michael and swings her armored claws at him, aiming to take off his head, only to reveal her attack was a feint. Michael tries to deflect it, but gasps as her scorpion-like tail swings over her head.

_Swish, swish, skrik!_

Michael deflects her claw, but before he can react, Belial's tail stabs through his left shoulder and sprays blood and bone out its back.

"Aaargh!" Michael howls in pain.

"Aaaah!" Belial shrieks, as holy energy from Michael's bones floods into her tail. She rips it out of his arm, bringing remnants of his shoulder along with it. Michael howls in pain as he drops his sword, losing his only weapon.

"No!"

Belial's tail turns numb from Michael's holy energy, but she grins happily. "Ahh! I did it! I got him!"

Michael's expression fills with rage. "Wretched BLOODSKIN! How DARE thou land a blow on me!!"

The Archangel's eyes shift into pure white. A surge of divine energy erupts from his mind and fires at Belial, catching her off-guard.

"Ahh!" Belial yelps in panic. She flaps her wings to dodge but isn't fast enough. 

_KSSEW!_

A beam of heavenly energy tears across Belial's right arm and wing, severing both in an instant.

"Twice!" Michael bellows. "Twice, demons have taken an arm from me, but now I shall take EVERYTHING from thee!"

His fury turns ungodly as he flaps his wings and charges toward Belial. The Succubus clutches her arm stump and plunges toward the ground. She strikes Heaven's soil with a heavy _thud,_ while her eyes lock onto the Archangel descending toward her.

Immediately, Belial plants her feet down and launches horizontally across the plains, aiming to put distance between herself and the Archangel. Michael easily adjusts his orientation and continues closing the gap.

"Insolent she-demon! Nobody humiliates me! NOBODY!"

Belial's heart quivers in terror as the blood-crazed Archangel rushes toward her like an eagle descending upon a field hare. She tries to activate her healing magic, but once inside her True Succubus Form, her magical abilities remain sealed until she returns to normal.

_I don't have time to revert!_ Belial's mind screams. Thoughts tumble around crazily as she scrambles to think of a solution. _If Michael hits my head with that laser; I'll die!_

Panic and self-preservation set in. Belial waits until a split second before Michael fires to jump away. She uses her sole remaining wing to spin in midair and dive toward a soft patch of grass.

_That's it! I have to burrow!_

Despite lacking in magical power, her True Succubus Form affords her many other benefits. She stretches her remaining arm out and begins frantically burrowing underground, moving hundreds of times faster than even the most adept of Earth's animals. She covers the route behind her with dirt, and when Michael's holy beam strikes it, it merely causes the soil to twitch.

"Aauugh!!" Michael screams in rage. "Wretched whore! Coward! Nobody escapes my grasp! Nobody!!"

Despite his explosive temper, Michael immediately realizes he can't chase Belial. Unlike Uriel and Uzziel, he cannot control the foundation of the earth, nor can he manipulate it or shift it in any way beyond normal means. 

"Tch... if only Uriel were here..." Michael growls.

Suddenly, Heaven begins to shake. From the depths of its soil, the grass beneath Michael's feet bursts open, and Belial emerges, wrapped in hundreds of vines. Terror and panic cover her face.

"What?! Let me go! Rrrgh!"

She struggles with all her strength, but for every vine she breaks, two more appear in their place, binding her in an awkward position, with her arm tied to her wing and neck, held straight up in the air.

From the sky above, a beautiful voice speaks out. "Brother Michael, I have returned."

Michael's anger dissipates in an instant. He immediately raises his head and stares at the beautiful Archangel above.

"Hahaha! Uzziel, my beloved little sister! What a time to return! Quickly, heal my missing arm!"

Uzziel, flying hundreds of feet above, smiles and nods. She soars to the battlefield below and beams sunshine at her brother. "Have no fear, Michael, for I will heal thee!"

As she descends, Michael's expression turns into one of pure joy. Such perfect timing! How could he not be pleased with this turn of events?

But, once Uzziel draws nearer, Michael's smile fades away.

Uzziel lands beside him and immediately motions to heal her brother's arm. As she does, Michael scrutinizes her face.

"Sister? What happened to thy eyes? Why are they... glowing?"

Uzziel raises her head and smiles radiantly at her brother. Her blinding-white pupils glow like two diamonds illuminated by twin suns.

"Oh, Brother! I have joined together with the mighty Hercules! Together, we will free our people from the demonic infestation!"

Michael raises an eyebrow. "Thou hath... what? I do not understand."

Within seconds, the Archangel's shoulder mends itself back to perfect condition. Uzziel gently rests her head against Michael's healed shoulder and kisses his cheek.

"There is no need for questions, beloved brother. Hercules came up with a brilliant plan to defeat Valac. We need only follow his guidance, and the Reaper will soon become a distant memory!"

Michael stares unblinkingly at his sister. Hundreds of questions appear in his mind, but the most pressing one forms on his lips first.

"The Reaper? He's returned?!"

"Most likely," Uzziel replies. "His presence has arisen on the battlefield. Already, I've witnessed the Undying turn against one another! If Valac has indeed returned, then every dead angel and demon will be another troop for him to control! But worry not, for the mighty Hercules has discovered that Valac has been obscuring a critical weakness!"

Michael's soul trembles. Too many thoughts and questions appear in his mind to make sense of the chaos suddenly unfolding around him.

_My sister has chosen to ally with Hercules? Why does she refer to him in such a grandiose matter? No, more importantly, how did I miss the return of the Grim Reaper?! Has my battle-lust overridden my sense of reason? Have I forgotten to examine my surroundings while fighting? Why is Uzziel working with the Titan?! I don't understand!!_

Michael blinks. He tries to make sense of the turbulence in his thoughts, but with Uzziel's arrival, a fog lifts from his mind. He glances around and suddenly comprehends the scale of the devastation surrounding them.

"By the Creator! If the dead here join Valac's forces, then we will surely perish!"

Uzziel nods. She reaches over and touches Michael's chin, then drags his eyes to meet hers. "Brother, do not worry! So long as we trust in Hercules, this battle will end as a huge success for the angels and Titans! Now, what of this demoness here?"

Uzziel turns to look at Belial, and as she does, Belial's heart begins to pound.

"Michael! Michael, don't be deceived! Uzziel's eyes, they-"

Before Belial can reveal the Titan's enslavement powers, those which she battled when he took over Satan's mind, Uzziel's vines suddenly sprout around Belial's mouth, binding her in place and preventing her from speaking. Belial struggles with all her might, but no matter how she writhes and wriggles, she can't break free.

"The words of a demon are poison," Uzziel mutters. "Accursed creatures. I should never have made them in the first place. Brother, I will kill this one at once. Go and assist Raphael. He is surely fighting by himself against-"

"Hold a moment," Michael says. His tone turns frosty as ice. "Kill? Thou art planning to _kill_ this demoness? Uzziel. Never in a million years woulds't thee attempt to take another's life. What happened to thee? What was the bloodskin about to say?"

Uzziel's smile becomes strained. Her eyes twitch, as if suppressing a horrible killing intent. "Ah, that? I, ah..."

She hesitates. Both Archangels stare at each other for several seconds.

Michael's cold eyes stare into his sister's. A slight tremor appears in his heart. Rage explodes inside of him.

"Titan BASTARD!"

Michael's arm lunges toward Uzziel's throat. He grabs his sister and holds her aloft. 

"How DARE thou overtake my sister's mind! Release her at once, Hercules!"

Uzziel doesn't resist. She hangs limply in Michael's grasp, allowing her brother to choke her as he pleases. Her smile slowly shifts as Hercules manipulates her mind. Eventually, she speaks again, but her voice becomes much deeper, mirroring Hercules'. "Tch. I slipped up. I haven't had enough time to interact with Uzziel, so I accidentally said something contrary to her personality. Bah. No matter. If you kill this one, you'll only kill her. It won't affect my plans, but it will bolster the Reaper's power."

Veins bulge on Michael's forehead. "I'll slaughter thee, Titan! I'll rip thy heart out and skewer it on a stake!"

"You may try, if you like," Hercules replies, speaking through Uzziel's mouth. Her eyes glow more intensely as the Titan exerts his control. "But, I did not lie. I have a method to defeat the Reaper. If you kill me, Heaven will fall. I promise you, on my honor, that when this war concludes, I will release your sister."

Michael's reply is cold and curt. "I have no reason to believe thy words."

Still, after a few moments, the Archangel of Courage reluctantly lowers Uzziel. It dawns on Michael that he can't kill his sister since her death wouldn't accomplish anything. His goal is to restore her freedom while killing Hercules comes second.

"Good, good," Hercules says, a hint of mockery in his voice. "I was only joking about killing this demoness. Doing so would be the height of idiocy. If she dies, then Valac will revive her. Right now, the demons are fighting a war on two fronts. They're disorganized and scattered. If they all perish and rise under Valac's control, the situation will worsen for our forces."

Michael's eyes narrow as he stares at the being possessing his sister, but he doesn't reply. Instead, he raises his left arm and aims his mind into the distance. Two seconds later, his enchanted sword leaps off the ground, flies over, and slaps into his palm with a satisfying _shuck!_.

"_Our_ forces? The moment thou dids't enslave my sister's mind, thy life came to an end. We are not allies, but enemies."

"Wrong," Hercules counters. "Our enemies are the demons. The bloodskins! You of all people should know this! Look around you, Michael! I, alone, have the power to take back the minds of the Undying! Uzziel joined me because she understood that the times have changed! Once again, Archangel, I swear on my honor that when this battle concludes and we eliminate Valac, I will give up my control of all your people. I have no quarrel with the angels."

Michael's expression shifts. A hint of uncertainty appears in his eyes. Before he can reply, a tremendous wave of magic power surges throughout the battlefield! Michael and Uzziel both flinch and whirl to gaze north, where Gabriel, now in his hundred-foot-tall Cosmic Form, staggers backward in shock. A colossal monster attacks him from the side, forcing the Archangel of Power to retreat several steps.

Jagged, blue scales cover the creature's skin, while its giant slit-eyes evaluate Gabriel like a shark sizing up an apex predator. Its long, spindly neck allows its head to bob and weave, giving it the movement of a cobra. Four limbs extend from the monster's belly, each one outfitted with three demon-sized claws. Standing only a head shorter than Gabriel, it dwarfs the battlefield with its presence and puts tremendous pressure on the Archangel of Power.

"By the Creator..." Michael whispers. "A dragon?!"

Uzziel shakes her head. "No, it's something else. Nevertheless, we should assist Gabriel. He cannot hold out against it alone."

Michael's eyes widen. He stares, dumbfounded, as the gigantic beast lashes out with razor-sharp teeth and chomps onto Gabriel's leg. The Archangel of Power howls in pain and smashes his fist against the wyrm's head. It tears away from Gabriel, ripping off a huge chunk of flesh and sending a fountain of blood spraying onto the demons and angels nearby.

A realization hits Michael. "Gabriel's body floods with Holy Energy when he enters his Cosmic Form. Why isn't that creature dead?! It tore through his barrier without any resistance!"

Gabriel motions with one hand and fires a blast of holy energy point-blank at the monster's head. The impact knocks it backward, but the creature merely staggers slightly, before lunging at him again.

"That beast is not a demonic creature," Hercules mutters. "Whatever weaknesses it possesses, I would not count holy energy among them."

Before the monster can land a hit on Gabriel, Zeus suddenly appears atop its back via his Thunderstep. The forty-foot-tall Titan King towers over the other warriors on the battlefield, but while riding the wyrm, his appearance becomes one of a child hugging a Great Dane. Without hesitation, Zeus stabs his hand down and activates his lightning power. He plunges it into the beast's neck and tears through the scales protecting it. Before the monster can whip its head around and devour him, Zeus yanks with all his might.

_SKRRRIK!_

Skin and bone separate with a sickening crunch. The beast lets out a pained cry before its voice cuts off. With its neck separated from its body, the creature can only spasm one last time before the light fades from its eyes.

Finally, its head and neck fall to the ground. A deafening _thud_ echoes throughout the landscape as it strikes Heaven's soil.

Michael exhales. His hands tremble as he gazes at the monster that was just slain. "To think the demons controlled such a fearsome monster! How did such a beast enter Heaven?!"

Hercules doesn't answer. Even as Michael starts to relax, Uzziel's body tenses up.

"Ancestors, guide me! Why hasn't the main body fallen?!"

Michael's breath catches. The Titan and Archangel freeze in place while they watch as the dragon-like monster rapidly begins to regenerate a new head from its severed appendage.

...No! Instead of only one head, two heads emerge! The monster regenerates from what should have been a fatal wound, and even doubles its attacking power.

"SKREEE!!"

Gabriel gasps. "Impossible!"

Zeus's face pales. "Fiendish creature! Die! DIE!!"

He lunges for the neck once again, but suddenly dodges to the side as one of the creature's heads snaps at him.

From the ground, a shrill voice cries out. "Hahaha! Ohh, Gabriel! Did you really think you defeated me?!"

A hellhound pounces atop the monster's back. It stabilizes itself and snarls at the Archangel of Power menacingly, despite being only the size of Gabriel's thumb. 

Lucifer howls like a proud mother. "Behold my ultimate creashun! The Hydra! Invinshible, powerful, and loyal to me at all coshtsh! How will you counter thish, I wonder?!"

"Lucifer!" Michael yells. "How could a bloodskin create such a powerful monster?!"

As those words leave Michael's lips, the Archangel of Courage suddenly tenses up. A powerful beacon of demonic energy flies through the air toward him and Uzziel.

_Wham!_

Diablo, the Emperor of Annihilation, falls from the sky and pounds his feet into the ground, having completed a mighty jump. After finishing his business with the Valkyries, the Emperor of Annihilation quickly lowers into a defensive stance as he flicks his eyes toward Belial, bound by vines, and the two Archangels.

"Hello, _Michael._ I hope I'm not interrupting anything. My wife told me to come and kick your ass, so here I am."

Diablo grins, but as he stares at Michael, a hint of fear enters his eyes. His taunt rings hollow, exposing the cold ice in his veins.

Michael blinks in surprise. "Oh? Could it be? Art thou my escaped prisoner? That Hydra was starting to make me anxious, but now all my worries have melted away! Hercules, keep an eye on the female. I'll duel this one myself."

Diablo's bravado falters further as Michael takes a few steps toward him. For the Archangel of Courage, the world around him quiets to a whisper, and all of his attention falls on the opponent before him.

_That's right,_ Michael thinks to himself. _I can't do anything to save Uzziel at the moment, and the Hydra is beyond my power. However, the demon before me is an enemy I can defeat. I won't let him escape... not this time._

The Hydra howls. A glint appears in Michael's eyes, and 'Uzziel' retreats several steps to stand guard over Belial.

_Something tells me the battle is far from over,_ Hercules ponders. _Both sides are finally taking this war seriously. However... so am I. I won't let my opportunity for salvation go to waste._

Uzziel's voice speaks to Hercules telepathically, countering him. _Thy schemes will fail, Titan. Do not underestimate my family's strength!_

Hercules smirks. _The fall of the angels is already assured. The rise of the Titans has begun. Soon... you will understand._

A tear streaks down Uzziel's face. Her will battles Hercules, but no matter how she tries, she fails to regain control of her body.

_I regret ever trusting thee._