Part 091: The Creation Mythos

**Author note: I have decided to rewrite Parts 91 to 97. I didn't like the way they were progressing or the perspectives I was using. For more context, please refer to [this post](https://old.reddit.com/r/TheCryopodToHell/comments/99ftol/cryopod_poll_should_i_restart_from_part_91/).**

**If anyone wants, they may read the original parts 91-97. I won't be deleting or overwriting them. You guys can be the judge whether my choice to rewrite is an improvement or not.**

**Parts: [91](https://old.reddit.com/r/TheCryopodToHell/comments/92unqc/early_release_part_91/), [92](https://old.reddit.com/r/TheCryopodToHell/comments/93yuvb/cryopod_refresh_92_the_creation_mythos/), [93](https://old.reddit.com/r/TheCryopodToHell/comments/950wsv/cryopod_refresh_93_dancing_with_the_devil/), [94](https://old.reddit.com/r/TheCryopodToHell/comments/95wjq8/cryopod_refresh_94_escape_from_heaven/), [95](https://old.reddit.com/r/TheCryopodToHell/comments/96p4i1/cryopod_refresh_95_the_impsurrection/), [96](https://old.reddit.com/r/TheCryopodToHell/comments/98kgdn/cryopod_refresh_96_titans/), [97](https://old.reddit.com/r/TheCryopodToHell/comments/99d9by/cryopod_refresh_97_soul_control/).**

**It shouldn't take me long to rewrite them. I spent 22 days writing them the first time, and most of that time was spent figuring out _how to frame them_, rather than _what would happen during the parts._ I think these new versions will be significantly more interesting and that I can post them much quicker.**

**Please stay tuned!**

---

I ease Daisy onto my ship's bed, tucking her in so she can take a nap. She drowsily mumbles something in her sleep about guns and demons, which I do my best to ignore. After tucking her in, I glance at Solomon. "Thirty minutes until we return to Tarus II."

The king nods. "Mhm. Plenty of time to chat with the Archangels."

"Oh, you weren't joking?"

He shakes his head. "I am not known for my sense of humor."

"You say that a lot."

"Anything worth saying is worth repeating."

"Make that up yourself?"

Solomon leans against the wall. "Stop stalling. For six years, every time I've pushed you to talk to the Archangels, you deflect and avoid me. I don't understand your resistance."

"It's not like that. I'm always busy. I don't have time to talk to long-dead remnants of the past. I already spend too much of my day blabbing at you."

Solomon lightly pounds his fist against his heart. "That hurts. Right here."

"I thought you weren't one for jokes."

Solomon points to a spot on the bed near Daisy's feet. "Shut up, sit down, and focus your mind. You've kept the Archangels waiting long enough."

I roll my eyes and plunk down beside her, then raise an eyebrow. "Hold on; it sounds almost like you've been talking to them."

"Yes, I have. The crown and rings connect through your body's spiritual pathways. Occasionally, we sit together inside your Mind Realm and have a chat. You'd know this if you hadn't chosen to block out the Archangels."

"Well, excuuuse me, kingy. I've had too many damn voices in my head over the last few years. Hoarhiim, Blaarjiim, Ose, the Archangels, you... Christ, my brain is a spook factory."

Solomon chuckles. "Heh, I can understand why that would annoy you. I know you're lying to yourself about your fear of the  Archangels, but once you clear the air, everything will make sense."

"Huh? My fear? Why would I be afraid of them?"

Solomon shrugs. "You tell me."

_The king speaks in riddles._

I assume a yoga position and fold my hands together. "Alright, whatever. Let's do this."

...

A minute passes.

I stare at Solomon blankly. "Hey, it's been a while since I chatted with the Archangels... how do I open up the line?"

Solomon holds his palm over my face. "Close your eyes. I'll guide you through the process."

"You're the boss."

---

Somewhere between an instant and an eternity passes. When I open my eyes, I find myself sitting on a patch of dirt in front of a roaring bonfire. 

To the right side stands Michael, the Archangel of Courage, dressed in knightly splendor, with a sword at his side, heavy boots on his feet, and golden armor adorning his chest. His arms crossed, he stares at me with an intensity that rivals the blazing inferno before him.

To the left stands Gabriel, a fifteen-foot tall Goliath donning white robes and sandals, though he's far smaller compared to when I initially met him. No longer is he Godzilla-sized, but he could still kill me with a single punch. Gabriel's arms hang loosely at his sides, relaxed, as though he has no reason to worry.

Straight across the fire stands Raphael, an old man dressed lavishly in red and gold robes with moccasin shoes, who holds a gnarled staff clutched firmly with his left hand. He leans on it heavily, as though he were bearing the weight of the world on his shoulders.

Finally, Solomon stands beside me. He rests his hand on my shoulder, and it takes me a minute to realize that his touch feels like he's flesh and blood. This place might be an imaginary space, but when I'm inside it, the events here feel as real as those outside.

Michael is the first to speak. 

"Six years, Hero. Not once have ye spoken a word to us in all that time."

I scratch the back of my head sheepishly. "Oh, err, yeah. Sorry, guys. Sirs. Your majesties...?"

Raphael waves his hand flippantly. "Bah. Such titles are little more than formalities. Call us whatever thou dost please."

I nod. "Okay. Well, ah... I guess I should tell you all something I've wanted to say since I first found out. Do you know an angel named Uriel?"

Gabriel tilts his head low. "She is our beloved sister, one who died brutally at the hands of a demon. What makes thee wish to bring her up?"

I glance at Raphael and notice the old man tensing up, preparing for the worst news.

"She's... alive."

The eyes of every Archangel expand. Michael's jaw loosens. "Is Uriel safe?"

"I'm afraid not. I don't know the exact details. I learned that a demon named Barbatos imprisoned her inside of his body. I think he's using her energy to increase his power."

A moment passes. Michael's proud attitude weakens. He sags to his knees and wipes his forehead. "I can't believe it. All this time, my beautiful sister has been a prisoner of the demons. How can Barbatos withstand her holy energy? 'Tis poison to a demon's body."

Raphael gazes at his younger brother, an unnerved expression on his face. "Demons already are abominations possessing unnatural powers. Perhaps the reason we lost the war is that they found a way around their weakness to holy energy."

Gabriel shakes his head. "Impossible. Even during our final battle, Zeus and I obliterated millions of demons. There must be a reason they captured our sister. Jason! If the demons control my sister, then she represents another possible ally for thy resistance. If thy military can liberate her from her tormentors-"

I hold my hand up. "I'm sorry, but I have to stop you there. I wanted you all to know of her existence, but I didn't come here to volunteer for a rescue mission. I came to seek your counsel."

Michael relaxes slightly, but in his eyes, I spot a hint of irritation. Now that I've mentioned his sister, he's anxious. Can I blame him? If something happened to Phoebe and someone knew her whereabouts, I might tear their head off if they didn't want to help me.

It's not his fault for becoming emotional, but I have my reasons for moving on.

"Raphael, Gabriel, Michael. I told Solomon an idea I had to speak to the leader of the demons, Ose, and propose a peace treaty. He believes it is a bad idea. I want your opinions."

Immediately, Gabriel averts his eyes. The massive Archangel stares into the distance. "So that is why thou dids't come. Well, if thou dost wish to bargain with the demons, learning their history of backstabbing and betrayal should be thy top priority."

"Yes. I was hoping you could give me the full story. I don't know anything about your people's past, nor the demons'."

Michael steps toward me. He stops only a foot or two away, towering over my seated form on the ground. "Hero, before we speak a word to thee, I wish to know why ye chose to ignore us for six years — no more excuses. I healed thy body and gave thee enough strength to combat thy enemies, yet never did ye think to offer a word of thanks. Our energy is not infinite. It took a great deal of my remaining life-force to assist thee."

I stare up at the white-haired angel silently for a few moments, then look away.

"I'm sorry. I just... I found it hard to talk to you. Every time I thought about doing so, the guilt would hit me, and I would quickly seek out a distraction. I didn't do it out of malice."

Michael's voice softens. "Guilt? What is thy meaning? Explain."

Before I can answer, Raphael hobbles a few steps toward me and taps his staff on the ground. "Mm, I understand. The lad blames himself for our deaths."

Michael scoffs. "Tch, what madness. He has nothing to do with our passing. That is our fault, and ours alone."

Gabriel rumbles from across the fire. "Is it? Perhaps not. The Hero has reason to doubt himself. Had he lived during the Energy Wars, perhaps humanity would have won. Perhaps we would have defeated the demons and the Volgrim. We may have survived those dark days."

I nod. "The more I think about it, the more I'm convinced. It's my fault the Volgrim won. I should have been there to help my people and yours. With the power of Wordsmithing, it isn't unreasonable to believe the war was winnable. Anything is possible with a limitless power like mine. But I wasn't, and so you died."

The Archangels fall silent for a few moments. Michael walks over to my left and takes a knee. "Perhaps 'tis thy fault, Jason, but there's no sense dwelling on the past. We do enough of that ourselves. The only reason one should look to the past is to learn from it so that they may avoid the same mistakes in the future. Dost thee find my words agreeable?"

I barely manage a smile. "I guess."

Solomon squeezes my right shoulder. "Come now, where's your warrior spirit? It won't do to sulk and wallow in self-doubt. Better to forge a new destiny where humans win than to tell yourself failure is inevitable."

Slowly, I uncurl my legs and pull myself to my feet. Michael rises beside me, and for once, gives me a warm smile.

"I apologize for doubting thy conviction, Jason. I did not realize thy chest throbbed in grief. Now that thou hath moved on, allow us to fill thy thoughts with a vision of our past. I promise, thou shalt find it enlightening."

I raise an eyebrow. "What part of your history will I see?"

"All of it," Gabriel mutters. "Our successes, our failures, everything. At the least, someone must exist who knows the legacy of our people. Should we perish, our legacy must rest within thy soul."

I scratch the back of my head. "Uhh... I mean, my spaceship is going to land in about thirty minutes. I don't know if I have time for a play-by-play. Can't you give me the highlights?"

Michael shakes his head. "Nay. 'Tis not enough to know the events. The reasons and motivations for all the key players matter just as much. Thou must know the unfathomable depths of demonic treachery, and how far they will go to wrench the knife in thy heart."

I swallow and take a step toward the fire. The embers crackle and pop, despite nobody fueling it with more wood.

"Tell me, then. Tell me everything."

---

[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LvhA5B3xKDc)

Michael rests his hand on my shoulder and closes his eyes. The world shifts around us, and the Archangels disappear.

"Long ago, the angels were the sole living beings in the universe. The Creator formed us from the ash of dead stars and gave us one order: Live."

An empty void surrounds me. I appear in space, and ten million stars rapidly appear, one by one. After a moment, I realize they aren't stars at all, but angels. Countless winged beings float around me idly; confusion etched into their faces.

Gabriel speaks. "We had no purpose. We had no identity. We had only a goal; to follow the Creator's orders. However, we could not act on his orders. We didn't know what we didn't know. And so... we merely existed."

Raphael appears before me. "One second became a year, then a thousand years, then a million. Eventually, we tired of our boredom and sought to give meaning and purpose to our lives. We began by creating other life, though our youngest sister, Uzziel, was the only Archangel whose powers gave her the ability to do so."

"She failed many times," Michael says, a hint of bitterness in his voice. "And once Uzziel finally succeeded, the result was tragic."

"Dragons were the first entities she formed. They were nearly the last." Gabriel whispers, and all the angels but one vanish before me. Behind the speck of a winged demi-human floating in space, a colossal monster appears. Its wings dwarf the stars around it, and its head those of the planets. Compared to the dragon, the angel is smaller than a grain of sand.

Gabriel continues. "Jörmungandr. The Mother of all dragons. She began her life as an egg hatched in the darkness of the void, and eventually grew unstoppable as she devoured stars whole. Through her, we learned the meaning of both life and death."

"The Creator's sole order, once a source of turmoil and uncertainty, became a primal instinct. We could not stand idly and watch as the dragon slew us one by one." Michael sweeps his hand across my eyes, and the lone angel vanishes, replaced by the millions from before. "So we fought. We bled. We suffered. We formed new creations, one after the other, desperate for an edge against the tyranny of The Dragon. Still, she continued to slaughter us."

The angels from the vision begin unleashing a bombardment of magical power against the dragon, but it merely grins evilly as the Holy Energy ripples against its body. Jörmungandr inhales, then unleashes a wave of darkness, wiping out thousands of angels at once. They scream wordlessly as their bodies fizzle into ash, returning to the dark energy of the cosmos.

Raphael appears before me, staring calmly into my eyes. "Eventually, we succeeded again. Uzziel created a new form of life, one we came to call the Titan. Monstrous beings, born of rage, with abilities similar to ours. However, the Titans had one special quality, which was their resistance to The Dragon's energy. They turned the tide of battle."

"For a while," Michael says, correcting his senior. "But Jörmungandr surprised us. The Dragon learned our secret of creating life and unleashed a new horror upon us."

For the first time since the angels have started, I feel the urge to speak. "She created... the demons?"

Raphael lowers his gaze. "Nay, Jason. They came later. Much later."

Something about his words instills a sense of dread in me. _Why are the Archangels starting with dragons? I wanted to know about the demons! The dragons must be significant somehow to their story._

Michael's voice cracks. "Jörmungandr gained a power none of us possessed. She gained the ability to form life within herself; to give birth. Where before we faced one dragon, everything changed when a second appeared, and a third... and a fourth."

"The dragons swelled their ranks to tens of thousands." Gabriel's form expands, dwarfing the other Archangels as he triples and sextuples in size. Soon, his size nearly matches that of The Dragon. "We adapted to their trickery. This might surprise thee, Jason, but angels cannot procreate. When an angel dies, we lose a brother or a sister forever. Many of our siblings fell before we understood this fact. And when we realized what Jörmungandr had taken from us, we grew enraged."

Michael's grin gains a sinister edge. "The dragons made one costly error, Hero. Every time a new dragon appeared, the energy of all its brethren split amongst one another. They sacrificed their fighting capabilities for raw numbers, while we did the opposite."

"The nine Archangels combined our powers and formed three supreme beings; the Seraphim, Cherubim, and Ophanim."

Michael, Raphael, and Gabriel all stand in a circle and press their palms together. A moment later, a light brighter than the Big Bang erupts between them, blinding me and sending waves of pain coursing through my eyes. When I finally recover, a three-headed angel with six wings and arms stands before me; each palm closed together in a fist.

The supreme being, far mightier than an Archangel, speaks with three voices at once. "**I, the Seraphim, unleashed the might of all angelkind. The Dragon was unprepared. For the first time since her creation, Jörmungandr felt fear wash through her body. Finally, she understood what it meant to lose those she loved. While I fought The Dragon, the Cherubim and Ophanim slaughtered her children. The Titans pooled their might together, and we struck a blow against our first creation. The dragons scattered like ash in the breeze, and we won the war.**"

I stare in awe as The Seraphim lashes out with two swords, two staves, and two spears, slicing open dragons left and right. The beasts bellow in agony as they breathe pitifully weak flames against the winged destroyer. The Seraphim opens all three of its mouths to blast Holy Energy upon Jörmungandr, though the attacks are a thousand times more powerful than before.

After the dragons flee, Raphael, Gabriel, and Michael demorph from their Seraphim form and reappear before me.

I swallow audibly, still feeling a little awed by their power. "So you defeated the dragons. Why do I get the feeling that isn't the end of the story?"

Raphael bows his head. "We suffered heavy losses. The battle was far from one-sided. Every dragon we killed returned its power to the rest. Even after slaying Jörmungandr, her children soon grew to her former power. Following our war with the dragons, the Titans revolted as well. Due to their betrayal, two of the Archangels, Muriel and Cassiel, passed away. That story is more mundane, in many ways. It was little more than a war of attrition."

Gabriel lays one hand on each of his brother's shoulders. "We eventually made peace with the Titans and sought out a home for ourselves. Sadly, Michael and I know little of those days, as part of the peace agreement included wiping our memories of the past."

I blink in confusion. "Hold on, what? You erased your memories? Then how do you know everything you've told me?"

Michael gestures to Raphael. "Our brother, the eldest Archangel, agreed to hold the memories of our past. Everything we know is due to his stories."

I scratch my forehead. "Okay... but Raphael, why erase your brother's memories if you were going to tell them about the past anyway?"

Raphael's gaze narrows. "I had a reason, Jason. We all did. Please, understand that the agreement was made due to everyone, including the Titans, perceiving me as the fairest and least biased of our people. 'Twas not made idly or out of malice."

I nod slowly. "You're not going to tell me the reason, are you?"

"Nay. 'Tis not information any mortal should know." Raphael's eyes darken. "Sometimes, I wish I did not remember our past, nor the bloody acts we performed. 'Tis a stain upon the memory of my people."

Several moments pass.

Raphael clears his throat again. "Ahem. Michael, let us return to the Hero's question from earlier. He wishes to know the origin of the demons."

Michael sighs. Now that the talk of battle has passed, he seems to have lost interest in what comes next. I never used to picture him as a military commander, but something about how his eyes light up when he describes spilled blood makes me think he isn't the same Michael as the one described in the Bible.

"The first thing we did was seek out a world to colonize. Having solidified our alliance with the Titans, we decided to create lesser forms of life, rather than equals. No longer would we create beings such as dragons and titans, but those who could not harm us. We only wished to live in peace."

I stare at Michael as he speaks. Despite his words, I feel he's lying. He doesn't seem the sort of person to enjoy tranquility and a carefree existence. He craves conflict.

"If you don't mind my asking, why bother creating life at all? What did you stand to gain? I certainly appreciate your efforts, since I was eventually born, but I don't see the logic after all the losses you suffered."

Raphael nods. "Jason, angels are not immortal. Given how much time had passed, and the toll two wars took on our bodies, we found ourselves near death. We created life, not to satisfy our idle curiosity, but to sustain our very existence."

Gabriel clears his throat. "Imagine for a moment, young Hero, that all beings have a container inside of themselves to store their spiritual energy. Thine is like a small, metal can. It cannot hold much, but it is relatively stable. When thou dost sleep at night, thy mana refills, allowing thee to unleash thy magic at full power the next day. However, an angel's container is more like a cracked glass jar. Our energy leaks from our bodies slowly as time passes. We created subservient beings to give us mana so that we could restore ours."

I cock my head. "Do you mean humans?"

"Yes," Michael says. "However, humans were not Uzziel's first creation. The demons were."

My jaw drops. "You _created_ the demons?!"

"Uzziel did," Michael replies. "Their story is one which may surprise thee."

"I'm already surprised," I say. "Tell me the full story. I want to hear everything."

"As thou wish."