Part 285: Clumsy Bael!

At the Eastern Front of Tarus II, a horde of demons stands idly and watches as a distant battle between the Sphinx and a pair of Demon Barons plays out. This wall of demons stays put, keeping out of the battle they haven't a chance of influencing. They simply decide to wait for their superiors to call the attack, though nobody really wants to get involved with Emperor-level powerhouses.

"Damn! Look at Zamiel go! Do ya think he's stronger than Duriel?"

"Maybe not. Zamiel's definitely smarter than Duriel, but Duriel's got the edge in toughness. Dude can take a fist like nobody's business!"

"Hehe. _Take a fist._"

"Shut up, you know that's not what I mean!"

As multiple demons watch the distant battle with rapt attention, a newcomer stealthily slips into their ranks, then grabs the shoulder of a particularly oversized Demon Lord.

"Hey, Viggo!"

A voice booms out amongst the crowd, startling the demons present. To everyone's alarm, they turn to see Bael, the Duke of Pain, standing in their midst. Not a single person remembers seeing him appear, least of all the demon whose shoulder he grabbed.

That demon, 'Viggo,' whips his head around to look at the newcomer with surprise. "Bael? The heck are you doin' here?"

Bael doesn't answer his question. Instead, a stupid smile stretches across his face.

"Is your fridge running?"

Viggo blinks. "What?"

"Better catch it!" Bael bellows, before bursting into wild laughter. "Bahahaha! Ahahaha!"

Without another word, Bael coils strength into his legs and leaps away, leaving Viggo standing frozen in confusion.

"..._Huh_? Fridge? Catch it? The... the _fuck_ is he talking about?"

Bael soars through the skies, clutching his belly as he cackles like a madman. Once friction and gravity catches up to him, Bael lands a fair distance to the north of the horde of demons, his powerful jump only taking him so far.

"Hahahaha! Did you see that, Shax?! The look on that dumb cunt's face! Ahaha! I gottem' good!"

Bael's illusory soul-friend, the Emperor of Hype, winces in response.

"Sure, brah. Funny prank, I guess. Kind of thought you'd do something a bit wackier, though."

"We've only just started!" Bael declares, lightly punching his chest. "I've gotta scare the crap out of a bunch of other fellas, next. Aw, man! We're gonna make waves and remind people who the Prankster Duo used to be!"

Despite his seeming lack of enthusiasm, Shax lightens up a bit when he spots the happiness on Bael's face. "You're a simple guy, bro. Always did like that about you."

After a few more moments of laughter, Bael quickly sobers up.

"Yeah, man. You know me. None of that dumb political crap matters at all. Fighting humans, angels, whatever; who gives a damn? All I wanna do is have a fun time with you and remember the good old days."

Shax smiles. "Sure, brah. As for me, I'm just glad we can finally talk again. It was pretty boring watching you meow at random fluffy animals."

Bael nearly jumps out of his skin. "What, you saw?!"

"Didn't have a choice. I'm stuck with ya, remember?"

Several seconds of awkward silence follow. Bael turns his head away and turns as red as an apple.

"...You better not tell anyone."

"Nobody can hear me but you, chief," Shax replies. "Now, what say we get a move on, ay?"

Bael nods. "Yeah."

Bael returns to the demons at the Eastern Front, eager to pull a few more 'pranks.'

...

A few hours later, after dawdling around and swapping more war stories with Shax, Bael leaves and heads off to the Northern Front of the Stormbringer invasion forces. Having started at the west, moved to the south, then to the east, the Duke has practically completed a full circuit by this point.

Before Bael can reach the rallying demonic forces, he pauses to look even further northward.

"Whoooa! Lookit that, Shax!"

Shax follows his gaze. "Oh, devils."

The Duke of Pain starts gaily skipping toward a huge, monstrous beast, one standing thirty feet tall with claws as big as an automobile. Resembling a gigantic carnivorous mole, this creature sports a thick coat of fur, overdeveloped front-limbs for burrowing, and a ferocious gaze capable of rendering weak-willed creatures unable to flee. The sheer aura of domination it projects rivals many of the top predators of Tarus II, all of them equally bloodthirsty in different ways.

"What a cutie-pie!" Bael squeals. "Come here, little guy! Big Bael wants to play!"

The giant mole-creature, sensing the approach of a formidable enemy, instantly whips its gaze toward the Duke of Pain. Despite lacking higher intelligence, it and the other creatures of the land have long since noticed the countless demons descending upon Tarus II, putting them on high alert. As Bael draws near, the mole slaps its front claws against the ground and roars, sending a warning message to the intruder!

_Do not enter my territory!_

Clear as a bell, this frightening message splashes against Bael harmlessly. He smiles giddily as he skips closer and closer to the giant predator.

"I'm gonna call you FLUFFY!" Bael declares. "Lookit this big teddy bear, Shax! Isn't he the cutest thing!"

The moment Bael arrives in the mole-monster's range, it attacks! The giant creature swipes its automobile-sized claws at Bael, catching the Duke off-guard.

_Wham!_

Bael goes flying as a half-ton of reinforced bone slams into him. He hurtles to the side, crashes into a boulder, and shatters it to pieces.

A moment later, Bael leaps to his feet and claps his hands. "Bahaha! So adorable! The little fella wants to play! C'mere, boy!"

Bael runs toward the monster, making the monster recoil in fear. Seeing the comparatively diminutive Demon Duke totally unharmed, the monster's instincts take over.

"Roar! Roar!"

It bellows warnings to try and frighten Bael away, but the Duke merely interprets those noises as if they were the meows of a cute little kitty-cat!

Once again, when Bael draws into range, the mole attacks! It swipes its claws at the Duke, but this time, Bael stomps his foot down and lifts his arms! He catches the claw-swipe and stabilizes his footing, alarming the giant mole.

"Gotcha!" Bael yells. "Who's the little tough guy now, huh? Bahaha! Upsy-daisy!"

Before the mole can fully comprehend Bael's raw strength, it receives a terrible fright! Bael clutches the mole's claws and lifts up, hoisting the mole overhead.

"Graawr?!"

Defying the creature's comprehension of how strong such a tiny demon can be, the mole momentarily levitates half a foot off the ground, hoisted by its front limb. 

"Hup!"

Bael coils strength into his back and biceps, then throws the monster south, in the direction of Hero City!

"Graaaaawr!"

The monster howls in alarm as it suddenly flies away, traveling a full quarter-mile before violently crashing into the planet's soil. The monster spins, flips, and twists its body multiple times before finally grinding to a halt.

"Gotcha!" Bael laughs. "What a funny little guy. Now, come on, little puppy! Come back to papa!"

The Duke of Pain waits for several seconds, but surprisingly, the huge mole merely lays on its side motionlessly and doesn't move a muscle.

Shax's expression falls. "Ah, Bael, bro..."

"How weird!" Bael says. "Is the little guy all tuckered out? Lemme take a look!"

The Duke of Pain swaggers over to the mole-monster. He pokes its back upon arriving, but still, it doesn't move. Then, he walks around to its front, where he finds its eyes frozen open, bloody tears leaking from the corners.

"Eh? You okay, puppy?" Bael asks. "Come on! Don't be a baby! Get up!"

However, as Bael waits, the monster doesn't even twitch. It lays in the same broken, unmoving state as before, never to walk again.

"Bael..." Shax says. "The, uh... the monster died."

"Huh? It did?" Bael asks, clearly confused. "Whaddya mean? I barely gave it one little toss! He's just playing dead, the little prankster."

Shax sighs. "No. It's actually dead, brah. For real."

Unconvinced, Bael walks over and nudges its nose with his fist. "Booped your snoot! Come on, stop messing around! You're fine, kiddo! Shake it off!"

Minutes pass.

As the mole remains unmoving, Bael's excitement dies down.

"...Oh. It really is. Shit. I... I killed the poor fella."

Shax purses his lips. "Yeah."

The Duke's eyes darken.

"Man. This sucks. Why am I the only tough guy in the universe, huh? Why's everyone else so weak?"

"Most life is fragile," Shax muses. "I don't know why you're special, bro. You just are."

"Tch..." Bael grunts. The Duke drops down to sit on his butt. He glances in the direction of the demonic portals a bit further south, and past them, to the distant border of the human city.

"I hate being me sometimes..." Bael says. "Always watchin' others die. It sucks. I'm strong enough to protect myself, but not everyone else. Not even you, Shax."

The Emperor of Hype sits beside Bael.

"Death ain't the end, you know. Didn't you ever listen to Orias?"

"Huh?" Bael asks. "What, you mean that crackpot theory of his? That if you die, you go 'poof' and travel somewhere else? I like Orias as much as the next fella, but the guy's a total wacko."

"I'm here now," Shax says. "Maybe Orias is on to something."

"Nah. You're just a soul manipulator," Bael says, waving his hand dismissively. "Like Satan, Lucy, Mephisto, and the others. None of that rebirthing mumbo-jumbo."

"I suppose you're right." Shax concedes.

...

Bael lingers in the area for a while, but eventually leaves the dead mole behind. Though his mood takes a nose-dive, he recovers fairly quickly.

"Guess we'll just go back to pranking people!" Bael says. "Let's scare those cunts over there!"

The Duke leaps skyward again, aiming toward his demon allies at the Northern Front.

Moments later, Bael crashes down amidst a huge group of demons, frightening the devil out of them. "Boo! Bahahaha! Got you dumbasses good! You should see the looks on your faces!"

"Bael!" A Demon Grunt howls. "Don't do that, man! I peed myself!"

"I know! That's why I'm laughing! Anyway, how are things going? Are you guys beating the humans, or what?"

"Yeah," The demon says. "Sort of! But you're not gonna believe this. Duriel got killed!"

The Duke of Pain abruptly stops laughing. "What? He did? You're kidding."

"Nuh-uh! And that ain't all, man! A Hydra popped up inside the fleshbags' city. One of the Oracles said it was the same one we heard about a few months ago, like some kinda clone-thingy!"

Bael nods seriously. "Wow. Duriel died, and now there's a Hydra too. Damn, these humans are pretty tough."

The demon and a couple of his friends briefly catch the Duke of Pain up on the happenings over the past few hours while he was out running around, reminiscing with Shax.

As they talk, one demon shakes his head.

"Wait 'til you hear the craziest part, Bael! Artorias turned against Ose. It looks like the Archangel appeared again, just like six years ago!"

Bael's eyes widen in alarm. "Shit, you serious? Wow, that don't sound good at all."

"Even worse," the demon continues, "Rumor has it that Artorias willingly gave up control to the Archangel. He let her overpower him!"

The Duke scoffs. "Nuh-uh. That's bullcrap. Don't believe everything you hear. I even sat down with Arty-boy a few weeks ago and toughened up his soul. There's no way he'd do something braindead like giving his body to the Archangel."

"That's the thing," The demon argues. "He had a good reason! Just before the Archangel appeared, Ose beat the crap out of Belial. At the very end, she told Belial it was Lucifer who killed Satan!"

Bael's casual demeanor instantly hardens. A look of gravity appears in his eyes.

"_What_ did you say? Are you lying to me, punk?"

"N-no..." The grunt says, taking two fearful steps back. "Y-you can ask anyone, Bael! It's all true! Ose said Lucifer tricked Satan into meeting the Black Witch. It was all part of some trap! I swear to Satan himself!"

Several seconds pass. The Duke of Pain practically bores holes into the grunt's head with his furious stare.

"You're lying. You have ta' be. There's... there's no way Lucy would do something like that."

The grunt starts to tremble. He ducks his head down and cowers under Bael's molten gaze.

"I swear, boss! I swear to Satan I ain't lying! Please don't kill me! Pleee-ee-eease!"

Bael inhales deeply. A hint of his smoldering rage retreats into his skull.

"Don't worry. I ain't gonna smack ya. Where is Ose now?"

"Last I heard, she went into the city," The demon answers. He cautiously raises his head, only to blink in surprise.

"Huh? Where'd B-Bael go?"

No longer does the Duke of Pain stand before him.

...

As he leaps into the air, the Duke of Pain sweeps his demonic presence outward to search for Ose. Despite being completely useless when it comes to his magical capabilities, Bael still possesses many of the same innate demonic traits as the rest of his kind, including the ability to project his demonic mana signature and to search for other demons of a high enough level.

Bael eventually detects Ose's presence far to the west, at the edge of humanity's borders. He chooses to circle around the Horned Forest, leaping huge distances in straight lines to reach his destination. 

After the Duke travels for a mile or two, Shax speaks.

"Hey. Bro."

Bael lands feet-first on the ground, but pauses before jumping again. Sensing an odd note in Shax's voice, he glances at the Emperor of Hype.

"Yeah? What's up?"

Shax frowns. He glances at Bael for a moment, then shakes his head.

"...It might not be anything important, brah. Maybe it's only my imagination acting up."

"Whaddya mean?" Bael asks. "Something eating at you?"

"Sort of..." Shax mutters. "It's about Lucifer and Ose."

"I'm listening." Bael says, crossing his arms.

"Well, I was thinking about the circumstances behind my death..." Shax says, his tone ominous. "I always felt like certain things didn't add up."

Bael raises an eyebrow.

"I don't follow."

"It's like this," Shax explains. "I ran the Hell of Isolation like an open house. Anyone could pop in, even humans. You know I never cared who wanted to rock out, just so long as they weren't angels."

Bael nods. "Yeah. I remember. It was like one big endless party."

"Well, that's the thing. I left my Hell one day, along with Murmur. Out of nowhere, a dozen platoons of human commandos popped out of the woodwork. They captured me and little sis. After that, they put those... those robotic implants in my head. Turned me into a freak."

"Hmm..." Bael grunts, clearly displeased by the revival of those painful memories. "I never heard how the humans captured ya, Shax."

"I know," Shax replies. "But that ain't the problem, bro. Think about it. How did the humans corner me out of nowhere? Someone must've tipped them off. It was a setup."

Like a viper eying its prey, Bael's expression turns vicious. "Wait! Are you tellin' me... Lucy set you up? Just like she did Satan?"

"Nah. Doesn't have Lucifer's fingerprints," Shax replies, shaking his head. His poofy white hair bounces around with the movement. "Always wondered what bastard would stab me in the back like that. Thinking about it, that seems more like Ose's style. Especially how the humans managed to jack me up with those weird metal implants. How'd they stick 'em in so quick? Almost like they had a helping hand from a certain demoness who knew her stuff."

Bael's jaw drops. "...No way. Are you telling me Ose fucked you over, while Lucy fucked Satan over?!"

"I can't say for sure," Shax admits. "But the evidence adds up, bro. Like mother, like daughter. You know those two were always twisted sisters."

"Shit. SHIT! You're right!" Bael exclaims. "How could you be wrong? That smug white-haired bitch, and her shitty four-tittied mom, too! All this time, Ose smiled at me and played cute, but she was the one who..."

Bael pauses mid-speech. A strange flicker appears in his eyes, a spark resembling pure rage unlike anything he's experienced in all his life.

Many times in the past, his rage has come as a result of humiliation or some odd lust for battle. This time, though, it derives from an acute sense of betrayal stemming deep within his heart.

"...She killed my... my best friend! She killed you, Shax!"

Shax's gaze turns hollow. "It does seem that way, Bael."

The Duke of Pain gnashes his teeth. Hot tears boil in his eyes as he empathetically recalls the suffering his best friend must have suffered at the hands of the humans.

"I still remember everything about that day," Bael growls. "You showed up. A bunch of humans, too. They made me fight you to the death. I tried to catch you alive but... but I was too strong! I crushed your skull by accident. By accident! I didn't mean to! But I was just so devil-damned _clumsy_!"

"It wasn't your fault..." Shax mutters. "You can't keep blaming yourself, bro."

"I KNOW!" Bael roars. "It's all Ose's fault! That whore! She tricked you, and she tricked me, too! She played stupid all this time! She batted her stupid eyes at me and acted like we were best friends... but we weren't! We'll never be!"

The angrier Bael becomes, the closer he comes to transforming into his Balrog Form! However, this time, the purity of his hatred reaches a point where it exceeds even the Balrog, preventing him from tapping into its power.

"NO! I don't NEED the Balrog!" Bael bellows. "I'll beat that bitch to death myself! I'm more than enough demon to handle the likes of her! Lemme at her! I'll tear her fucking arms off and shove 'em up her ass!"

Bael coils strength in his legs. He pounces skyward, then falls toward the approximate position of Ose's demonic mana signature.

"OSEEEE!"

The Duke crashes into the dirt a half-mile from Ose's position. When he raises his eyes, his gaze falls upon an unbelievable sight! Five huge Titans surround Ose, along with Belial, Blinker, and Artorias! Their bloodthirsty expressions nearly cause Bael to panic.

"They're gonna kill Ose!" Bael cries. "I can't let 'em! That bitch is MINE!"

Bael jumps again, then crashes into the dirt a short distance behind one of the Titans.

As the Duke of Pain starts power-walking toward the assembled heroes, all of them swivel their heads to face him.

Ose, barely crackling with a few trickles of leftover electricity, turns to look at her 'savior' with hope-filled eyes.

"Bael?"

Ose's assailants go on the alert, seeing the full-strength Duke menacingly stomping toward them.

"It's Bael!" Blinker says, as she raises her fists.

Zeus darts towards Bael and tries to stomp Bael into the dirt, but Bael catches the Titan's foot and tosses him aside.

"Outta my way, punk."

A moment later, Bael leaps skyward and crashes into the dirt next to Ose, then lunges his hand out to grab her throat.

"Ose. You _bitch_. All this time, I wondered who did it. I wondered who _killed him_. It was you. It was YOU!"

Ose weakly tries to fight off her assailant, but Bael's grip proves unbreakable!

"Kuh! Killed? Killed who?! Mis-misunderstanding! This is a misunderstanding, Bael!"

"Stupid Ose..." Bael mutters. "I might be dumb, but I ain't no _idiot_. Now, it's time for you to SUFFER!"

Bael lifts Ose over his head. He holds her in the air for a split-second, then slams her downward, violently thrashing her weakened body against Tarus II's surface.

_BOOOOM!_

An explosion of dirt rockets out in all directions, making the Non-Titan combatants take a few steps back as they shield their eyes.

Shax watches from the side. "Teach that backstabber a lesson, Bael."

"I will!" Bael yells.

The Duke raises Ose in the air once again.

_BOOM!_

He smashes Ose against the dirt a second time, with twice the strength he used before!

"Aargh!" Ose cries, her voice cracking as she fails to catch a breath.

The Emperor's so-called Ultraform finally shatters, reverting Ose to her normal self. When Bael lifts her overhead once again, he pauses, noting her painfully broken arms and legs. No longer can Ose protect herself in even the most limited of ways. She hangs helplessly in Bael's grasp, unable to fight back.

"Kuh... can... explain..." Ose whispers, barely wheezing out the words. Blood roils from her mouth, likely due to countless internal injuries.

"I don't want your words!" Bael roars. "I want SHAX BACK!"

_BOOM!_

Bael smashes Ose against the ground yet again, this time knocking Blinker off her feet due to the impact wave! The seven-foot-tall fairy quickly regains her footing, but even so, she stares at Bael fearfully.

The Duke of Pain continues to hold Ose by her throat. Despite the powerful physique of her Emperor body, she no longer possesses a drop of mana to protect herself. Her eyes flutter wildly as multiple traumatic injuries wrack her brain.

Having not yet released all his anger, Bael balls his free hand into a fist.

_BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM!_

He violently punches Ose's face, chest, stomach, and arms, pulling his punches just enough to inflict the most agonizing injuries possible without fully killing her.

Ose doesn't scream or cry. She simply falls comatose, unable to even react to Bael's furious onslaught. The sheer rage behind Bael's pummeling makes even Ose's most ardent enemies wince in sympathy.

Suddenly, Bael raises his eyes to look at one of the spectators.

"Hey! Belial! Get over here and heal Ose for me! I need this cunt to live a little longer! I ain't done makin' her SUFFER!"

Belial shakes her head. "I can't do that, Bael. I hate Ose plenty, but I'd rather you just kill her now."

"Screw that!" Bael yells. "Just heal her! Then we can all take turns beating her face to a pulp!"

Uriel's eyes flicker with light. "I do not oppose such an arrangement. Emperor of Passion, if thou intendeth not to make a move, then I shall."

To the west, behind Bael and the row of illusory Titans, countless demons eye Bael's bloodthirsty beatings with horror-filled eyes.

"What the hell is Bael doing? Why's he beating up Ose? Ain't he on our side?"

"Duh. He must have a good reason! There's no way Bael would join the humans. I bet this is because Ose had something to do with Satan's death."

"Ohh, yeah! That makes sense. Satan and Bael were super good buddies, from what I've heard. I'd smack Ose around, too, if I were in his place."

As the demons deliberate on the meaning behind Bael's actions, Uriel takes a step forward. The Archangel of Vengeance summons a ball of water magic into her hand to heal Ose, even as Belial starts to protest.

"No, Uriel! Don't heal Ose! Just kill her off and finish this war! Every second that we delay, more innocents will die!"

"I care not how thy war ends," Uriel replies, her tone leaving no room for negotiation. "I care only that I might cause the Lightning Harlot to suffer a little longer. Bael's offer appeals to my sensibilities."

Right as Uriel reaches Bael and Ose, she pauses mid-stride.

"...Ah. Tsk. How unfortunate."

Bael glances at the demoness slumped in his grip. No longer does Ose's skin appear as ruby-red as it did before.

Several seconds follow as Bael, Uriel, Blinker, Artorias, the five Titans, and the distant demons gaze at Ose's stone-cold body in silence.

The Duke of Pain awkwardly coughs into his fist.

"Err, I used a bit too much strength and... killed her! Whoopsie! My bad!"

Belial stares at Bael in disbelief. She shakes her head and facepalms.

"...Goddammit, Bael. Why are you always like this?"

---

>!This is what a spoiler looks like! Click it to reveal the text!!