Part 387: The First Founder (Part 1)

Jason Hiro pushes open the doors leading into the First Founder's Sanctum. The sight that greets him is one of almost religious significance. He enters a room coated in white stone floors, walls, and ceiling. This stone resembles marble, but it also has distinct cloudy patterns etched into its texture, and as Jason gives the stone floor before him a brief glance, he gets the impression the patterns are not random, but part of a massive mural that spans the sanctum's entirety, one which he might only see if he views it from an elevated position.

Dozens of paintings hang on the walls, many of them depicting the ancient wars fought by the Volgrim Empire. The hallway leading deeper into the Sanctum starts narrow but quickly widens, and Jason observes several legendary Volgrim figures, many deceased, engaging in battles against other Volgrim, as well as the Sentinels. Some of these Volgrim stand solo in their paintings, striking heroic poses, or otherwise holding or wearing technology they made. The latter type often tend to be Technopaths.

Jason continues further into the sanctum. He passes by countless art displays on tables, statues, and even miniature recreations of ancient Volgrim cities.

The more he passes, the more he feels a little nostalgic for the museums of his own world. He also can't help but wonder why the First Founder would hold onto such old-fashioned, low-tech items as hand-crafted artwork. Surely, Volgrimkind can afford to create fancy holo-art or some other crazy futuristic nonsense?

Jason glances toward the ceiling. He finds lanterns hovering above the ground, shaped like pyramids. Their alloys glow in a mysterious manner, providing light to the sanctum.

As Jason momentarily loses himself in the display, a figure approaches him from the side, his movements discreet.

"Are you enjoying my collection?"

The Wordsmith shifts his attention to the newcomer. Immediately, he recognizes the red-skinned Ascended before him as none other than the First Founder, Unarin, leader of all Volgrim.

Unarin stands half a head shorter than Jason. Despite his height disadvantage, he does not appear inferior to the Wordsmith, and his 'aura' of authority rises far beyond anything Jason could muster, even on his best days. Perhaps, among all of humanity, only the fabled King Arthur could possess such a commanding air. In no way does Jason even remotely stack up to the First Founder.

The Wordsmith clears his throat. "It's an impressive gallery, Founder Unarin. Though, I do wonder what the purpose is in collecting old relics like these, when you could surely create some sort of digital or holographic collection instead."

Unarin maintains a neutral expression.

"I enjoy technology in moderation. It is a necessity, of course. It is not something I can cast aside. But in many ways, I am quite old-fashioned. I enjoy objects I can look at and touch in person. Holograms... they simply aren't historically authentic. Don't you agree?"

Jason nods slowly. "I do. Although, humanity sure doesn't have much left in the way of historical artifacts. Our past seems to have... vanished."

"A tragedy of the times." Unarin says, with a humorless smile. "Walk with me."

Jason follows Unarin, folding his hands behind his back as he ponders the reason the First Founder brought him here. No doubt, it has something to do with humanity's revival and expansion efforts, to say nothing of the war against the Kolvaxian menace, but something tells the Wordsmith that Unarin's intentions are far from simple.

Unarin leads Jason deeper into the sanctum. Before long, they arrive inside a holographic simulation of the cosmos. A projector summons dots of starlight all throughout the room, creating an unthinkably vast galaxy of light that swirls in the air, just twenty feet above Jason and Unarin's heads.

The First Founder stops. He gazes up at the simulation of the galaxy, one which Jason can tell at a glance is an authentic and accurate map of every individual star. He cannot fathom the distances between them in reality, yet inside this terrarium, the most distant star is only a stone's throw from any other one.

Unarin slowly turns to look at Jason.

"What do you know about Goblins?"

"Goblins?" Jason repeats, frowning ever so slightly. "Is this... a test?"

The First Founder faintly smiles, but says nothing, leaving Jason to fill the empty air.

"Well. I suppose... they're small creatures that burrow underground. They're valued by the demons due to their cheap feeding requirements and the fact they make for excellent slaves. In fact, Goblins are all too happy to perform menial labor in exchange for almost nothing."

Unarin chuckles. "Perhaps I phrased my question poorly. Let me try again. Where do Goblins come from?"

This time, Jason appears truly confused.

"I, uh... I don't follow. From what I understand, Goblins didn't exist until Emperor Lucifer created them. She created them, orcs, fairies, and all the other monster species on Earth as part of her twisted experiments. Not shades, shadow-walkers, vampires, or werewolves, though. Others were responsible for those."

"The expected answer." Unarin says, his tone casual. "I cannot fault you for uttering such a statement. Your ignorance regarding the truth is hardly your fault. Let me try another tactic. How many planets bear life in the Milky Way?"

"I fail to see what this has to do with you bringing me here today." Jason replies, his tone curt but polite.

"It has everything to do with everything." Unarin states. "It is part of the Truths that form our reality. And if one does not understand all of the Truths, the conclusions they might draw will surely be erroneous."

A few moments of silence follow. Unarin raises his hand and points a finger at one of the seemingly infinite specks of light in the sky above them. A single dot, barely perceivable, located somewhere near the 'bottom' of the Southern Galaxy, turn blood-red.

"This is where Earth is located." Unarin says. "When my people first found Earth, we were bewildered by its complex biosphere. What an odd planet it turned out to be, a world unlike any other. Far more distinct than our own. We set it aside for preservation-purposes. Why do you suppose that was?"

Jason snorts. "Don't tell me. Because of the Goblins?"

"Your sarcasm is palpable." Unarin says. "But you're not wrong. It wasn't only the Goblins. It was the angels, the demons, and the humans, all locked in one great big war marginally fiercer than the First Great War my people ever fought. But it was also the so-called 'monster species' that comprised Earth's... _incongruous_ population."

Unarin points his finger again. This time, a different world, tens of thousands of lightyears from Earth, turns blood-red.

Before the Wordsmith, a holographic image of a planet appears. It resembles Earth in some vague ways, aside from the far smaller oceans and much greater concentration of land-masses. Deserts stretch across much of its surface, but the planet's entirety appears to be made up of a single super-continent, with only scattered lakes and seas here and there.

"This world probably isn't one you've encountered before." Unarin says quietly. "Its designation is Gollax. It fell to the Kolvaxians 40,000 cycles ago."

"That's too bad." Jason mutters, not showing much emotion. "Was there something special about it?"

Unarin's eyes remain fixed on it. "Yes, indeed. Gollax was the homeworld of the Goblins."

It takes a second for Unarin's words to burrow into Jason's ears.

"Wait, what? Their homeworld?!"

Completely bewildered, Jason narrows his eyes and stares at the planet with significantly more curiosity than before.

"But didn't Lucifer create the Goblins on Earth?"

Unarin doesn't answer his question. He points at another random world and brings it down to hover before the two of them. This world appears fiery and choked with lava, ash, and magma.

"The world of Throg. It fell to the Kolvaxians just 15,000 cycles ago. It was the homeworld of the orcs."

Jason's expression becomes more lucid the more Unarin speaks. "Once is an anomaly. Twice is a coincidence..."

"And this world here," Unarin says, pointing to another. "Pixiv. Homeworld of the venerable fairies. Luckily, it still exists, and is where the Fairy Queens continue to dwell."

Jason slowly looks at Unarin with a hint of shock and awe.

"What are you saying? Someone... planted the goblins and orcs and fairies on Earth? Maybe the angels?"

"No. You were correct before, Wordsmith." Unarin replies. "Lucifer did 'create' the so-called 'monsters' of your planet. But, without fail, all of them hail from completely different worlds, worlds they typically ruled as Prime Species. Apex predators. Conquerors."

Unarin gestures for the Wordsmith to follow him. And so, Jason does.

The First Founder leads Jason past several additional miniature cities, all of them constructed in frighteningly lifelike detail, to the point that even if he were to stare at them for days on end, he'd still find new oddities. 

Before long, the two of them reach a small park, with beautiful alien trees and flowers growing in chaotic and orderly arrangements alike. A pair of benches sit ten feet apart from each other with a pair of small fountains between them.

Unarin sits down at one of the benches, then gestures to the opposite one. Jason takes his seat across from Unarin, and the two of them stare at each other for a moment.

The Volgrim leader's eyes drop from Jason's face to his hands resting in his lap. Unarin smiles.

"That's an interesting ring on your finger."

Jason tenses up, ever so slightly. "It's from my... human mating ritual. I exchanged an identical one with my wife when we got married."

"Haha." Unarin laughs softly. "I was referring to the Archangel's ring. That should be Raphael's ring, if I'm not mistaken. I wonder if he's listening to our conversation..."

Jason's expression darkens. "You recognized it... just like that?"

"I had a few theories as to how and why the Archangels might have managed to return." Unarin says, his voice gently lilting as the mood strikes him. "Considering the power the Cherubiim displayed, I thought that surely they must have survived in mind, soul, and body too. But it seems that isn't the case. They cling to the mortal realm through Camael's life-preservation rings, the unique artifacts she made for all her brothers and sisters."

Unarin turns his gaze to the side.

"Who are the angels, Jason? Who are the angels, really? Have you ever asked yourself that question?"

Jason's expression turns solemn. "Of course I have. Many times. And I happen to have the head of all angelkind resting on my finger, so I can ask him for answers any time I want. Where are you going with this line of discussion?"

"You talk with Raphael often." Unarin says, his sharp gaze suddenly turning back to the Wordsmith. "Another doubt of mine, resolved. I'm beginning to get a clearer idea of your living situation. But even if you can ask Raphael any questions that might spring to your mind, are you sure that his answers are truthful? Can you state for certain that he is not deceiving you?"

"Well. I already know Raphael isn't entirely... _truthful._" Jason says, recalling several key pieces of information Raphael tried to hold back, but which Solomon revealed. "Are you implying Raphael is hiding something important from me? Something I need to know?"

Jason flicks his gaze into his Mind Realm. Raphael observes the outer world through Jason's eyes, allowing him to see exactly what the Wordsmith sees. However, rather than apprehension that Unarin might reveal some terrible secret, Raphael simply appears... perplexed.

It seems even the Eldest Archangel hasn't a clue where Unarin is taking the conversation.

"Implying?" Unarin says, dryly. "No. I am stating a fact. The Eldest Archangel is harboring a secret not just from you, but all of humanity. I would advise you to take off that ring and put it away for a few minutes. You may question him later about my information, if you deem the risk to be low enough."

"Harboring a secret... stating a fact..." Jason repeats, slightly dazed. "Raphael is my friend. You, on the other hand, are still my enemy, at least in practical terms. Why would I lower my defenses just for some information? Anything you want to say, you can say it in front of Raphael, too."

"You're worried that if you remove Raphael's ring, your Mind Realm will become vulnerable to intrusion." Unarin says, his expression turning neutral. "You believe that having the Archangel protect your mind will hide your secrets. Let me assure you that Founder Dosena will not bother with a lowly existence like yourself. Your powers might be formidable, and they certainly can threaten her, but you are not a Kolvaxian. You are not a mindless creature incapable of understanding tangible benefits and losses."

Unarin pauses.

"You are not going to attack or kill Dosena, and so, your power is not a threat to her. Likewise, the secrets you hold simply don't interest me, her, or anyone in our species. Only the value you can provide in combatting this Threat. Therefore, Raphael's protection is a moot point. We will not attempt to forcibly gaze into your mind."

Jason frowns. "While that is certainly one of my concerns, it's not the only one. I have no grasp on how mighty Dosena's power is. I imagine she's strong enough to listen in on this conversation without me knowing. Who is to say she can't peer into my thoughts without me knowing, too? And furthermore, I wasn't lying when I said Raphael is my friend. We may have disagreements, but he has saved my life at least twice. Why would I hide something from him?"

Unarin leans back and crosses his arms. "If you don't want to hide this information from him. So be it. I'd advise listening to me, an entity who has lived for far longer than you can imagine, but perhaps I have ulterior motives you can't imagine."

After another pause, the First Founder slowly blinks his eyes.

"Did you know... humanity... is flawed?"

"Flawed?" Jason asks, scrunching up his forehead. "I don't understand."

"Are you aware of the true nature of the Heroic Aura?" Unarin says, firing off a second question.

"The true nature." Jason says. "Yes. I do know of it. But I'm not sure _you_ do. It was created by Raphael as a means of taking power from the first Hero, Jepthath. Jepthath's power was borne of a fusion between himself and Hercules, one of the ancient Titans. Raphael undermined that power, turning it into an angel-Titan-human hybrid that randomly sought out deserving people around the world. It uplifted them and made them powerful enough to fight on behalf of humanity in its entirety."

"Uplifted!" Unarin suddenly exclaims, leaning forward on his bench. "Now that _is_ an interesting way of putting it. So what you seem to believe is that the Heroic Aura increases the power of an ordinary human, granting them frightening abilities they could never possess otherwise. Is that about right?"

"Y...yes..." Jason says slowly, feeling unnerved by the excited look in Unarin's eyes. "...Why? Is that... wrong?"

Unarin's eyes flick to the golden band on Jason's finger. "Why don't you ask your 'good friend'?"

Jason quickly turns his consciousness back into his Mind Realm. There, he sees Raphael with a very different expression from before. Metaphorical clouds hover around his face, making him look as if he crapped his pants. The constipated expression on Raphael's face makes Jason's heart skip a beat.

_Raphael!_ Jason exclaims into his Mind Realm. _Is Unarin telling... the truth?_

Raphael doesn't answer. Instead, the old man merely lowers his head and sighs.

His lack of an answer, in and of itself, gives Jason the answer to his question. The Wordsmith retracts his sense from his Mind Realm and returns to the material world.

He stares at Unarin with a cold expression.

"...It seems you aren't lying."

"Of course not." Unarin says, his expression haughty. "Why would I lie to an inferior mud-dweller? But if you must know, the reason our species ultimately fought in those Energy Wars... it may have had something to do with this crucial discovery, a fact we've kept hidden from Earth's survivors all these millennia."

Unarin continues. "Humanity is flawed. You don't need me to describe this flaw, for you should already understand the flaw yourself. What does it mean to become a Hero? Do you walk a path that puts you far above the rest of your kind? Or, could it be that this so-called 'Heroic Aura' in fact _repairs_ something which should have been there all along? Are you Heroes truly special? Or are you merely the lucky few granted a birthright which should have been every human's?"

Before Jason can continue, Unarin holds up both of his palms. "Look at the angels. The dragons. The Titans. The demons. Isn't it strange? Why did all of them possess incredible spiritual power, but not humanity? Doesn't that seem odd to you?"

"It does." Jason says, nodding. "It does..."

The two men fall silent for a short while as Jason wrestles with this realization.

"So... you're saying... the angels purposefully made humanity flawed. I already know they intended for us to be, effectively, spirit-donating chattel. We were only ever supposed to be their living batteries, like the imps were before their uprising."

"The Imp Uprising..." Unarin murmurs, his expression turning nostalgic. "Ah, yes. Another fascinating event in planet Earth's storied legends. The imps, creatures who were coincidentally also bereft of magical powers, suddenly came into control of deep, dense magical energy. Out of nowhere, they obtained powers capable of rivaling the angels and Titans. You should know, Jason, that by the time of the War in Heaven, my people had not yet made landfall on Earth. But we did shortly afterward. We heard the stories of how demonkind and humankind evolved."

Unarin shakes his head. "The angels crippled the demons, but the demons repaired themselves and regained the power they should have had. Yet, for some reason, humanity has remained spiritually crippled to this very day. Why do you suppose that is?"

"Isn't it your fault?" Jason asks snidely. "You left us humans to act as lunch for the demons. We only existed to give them souls. We were victims of an unending, torturous, barbaric existence."

"Why did I do that?" Unarin asks. "Don't you find it odd? That I would leave a species with humanity's potential relatively intact? I went to great efforts to preserve but also limit your people's population and growth. Perhaps, you might see my actions as cruel, but if you think I only did it to make you suffer..."

Unarin clicks his tongue.

"...you truly have yet to meet my true self. I would not stoop to the level of bullying a defeated, impotent, nonthreatening civilization."

"Don't play word games with me." Jason snaps. "You didn't eliminate the humans because Marie Becker possesses an Alpha-Class AI! You are absolutely terrified of the damage Umi could cause if Marie unleashed it upon you! Killing the humans would enrage her and guarantee, if not the swift and painful end of your species, many years of hell cast upon the technologies that you subside upon!"

Unarin blinks. "I wondered if it was truly your soul Confessor Vulpanix met inside Marie Becker's laboratory. Thank you for confirming my suspicions."

He pauses before continuing.

"As for Umi, there is no doubt that I do fear that synthmind. But in more of an abstract way, not the primitive manner you might imagine. If Umi were to torture me or kill me, I would not be particularly worried. It is my civilization and legacy that I fear being eradicated. You are wrong, though, if you think I left humanity alone due to fearing Umi. At best, Marie Becker and her synthmind were only a minor consideration."

Jason nods slowly. "Then... why did you allow humanity to exist? Did you have some broader plan for us?"

"Perhaps." Unarin says, cryptically. "Are you familiar with Archangel Camael?"

"Somewhat." Jason answers. "I've seen her in a few... visions. She created the heroic artifacts and fought in the War in Heaven."

"She was also a seer. A prophet." Unarin says quietly. "But she was not the only one. On your world, there was another person capable of divining the future."

"...Demon Emperor Valac." Jason mutters, his expression turning grim. He remembers when Valac's soul fragment somehow and inexplicably appeared in his mind, nearly killing him. Luckily, Solomon saved his life.

"That's right. But... do you believe that those two were the only seers in the universe?" Unarin asks. "What if I told you there was another? And what if I told you he was a Volgrim?"

The Wordsmith sucks in a breath, visibly taken aback. "You... have a seer among your ranks?"

"Had." Unarin says. "He fell to the Sentinels during the Seventh Great War. But I keep a collection of his prophecies locked away to peruse on occasion. There was one prophecy he often spoke of... he called it the 'Great Shattering.' Have you heard this term before?"

"I haven't..." Jason says. "Why?"

"The old sage spoke of the Great Shattering often." Unarin says, slowing his words. "He never told me what it was. He only stated that it would result in a great calamity. Or perhaps, that a great calamity would cause it. One thing was for certain, though..."

The First Founder pauses to look at Jason meaningfully.

"He said that the 'Children of Terra' would play an essential role in this Great Shattering. But as to whether your role would be positive or negative, he did not say."

"This old sage guy," Jason says, "he knew about humanity? Was this before you encountered us on the galactic stage?"

"It was." Unarin answers. "He was a great being. A prophet of the Ascended. His efforts were instrumental in foreseeing the demise of the Sentinels. When he perished, I became lost, for a time. He was one of my four brothers. Now, of those four, only two of us remain."

Jason blinks away his fatigue. "This is a fascinating conversation, Unarin. You have truly opened my eyes. But I'm still confused. Don't you have some greater goal in calling me here today? You've given me all sorts of 'freebies' and led me along by my nose, but I've yet to see how my presence can help you. And you don't seem the kindly, philanthropic sort."

"You aren't wrong." Unarin says.

The First Founder rises to his feet, and motions for Jason to follow him.

"Come. I've more to show you. I intend to demonstrate a high level of sincerity in the hopes that you will wholeheartedly support the Volgrim Empire. Having you as an enemy would be inconvenient at best, and frightening at worst. But convincing you of my 'magnanimity' will require... extraordinary steps."

Unarin smiles.

"Fortunately... I always come prepared."