Part 719: Countermeasures Coalescing

**AUTHOR NOTE: Sorry this part took me a week to post. Please read the comment below to learn about the new Galaxy Map I have been working on for TCTH! It is incomplete but more will be added over time!**

---

_Far-Future Era. Day 21, AJR._

Another day passed in realspace time. The galaxy was changing rapidly, and many events had been playing out across countless worlds.

The Wordsmiths were both dead, Maiura had fallen to the Plague, and Tarus II was destroyed by the Volgrim in a last-ditch attempt to finally eliminate the human threat once and for all. This had left humanity badly weakened and on the brink of destruction.

The Volgrim had lost 95% of their Psions to the machinations of Creator Demila and Demon Deity Mephisto, reducing their war strength to a fraction of what it once was.

The Kolvaxians were revealed to not be a hivemind of unknown origins, but the deliberate creation of Archangel Uzziel as part of her revenge against the demons, Volgrim, and humans.

Emperor Crow had attacked Cassiel and Soleil, ultimately killing the latter before being mercilessly slaughtered by Demon Emperor Gressil. His ploy removed Cassiel's protective detail and brought her to the edge of despair.

On top of everything else, Uriel had been separated from Barbatos's body, but she, Michael, and Gabriel had formed a united front against Raphael and Uzziel, allowing Barbatos to escape and report everything he had seen to the demons, as well as the rest of the galaxy.

So much had happened. So many events had played out that the formerly static and barely changing galactic playing board of the Milky Way from less than a decade earlier had been completely upended. Now, multiple factions were frantically racing to try and pick the pieces back up, conquer new territory, prevent expansion into their existing territory, and simply defend whatever scraps they could.

The galactic situation was not looking good for many disparate species across the Milky Way. The Kolvaxians were united under one ruler. They were numerous and powerful, with no apparent weaknesses. They could traverse the Void at great speeds and infest distant worlds in secret through a method nobody had properly deduced.

On top of all that, the Kolvaxians had gained two immense power-ups in the fact that Artoria's biological essence had raised every Kolvaxian's physical durability to the level of a Middle Cosmic, and that Raphael was now acting as a strategist for the hive itself.

But despite all of this, the slumbering giant known as the combined power of all Sentients across the galaxy... _had not yet given up._

There was still a fight to be had. Humanity would not bow, and they had made a decision that would set them on the path of leading the other species, despite seemingly being 'weak' and 'useless' without their Wordsmiths...

---

_The world of Pixiv. Humanity's Sole Settlement: Neil City._

"Less than a day, people!" General Chadwick shouted. "Pack only the essentials. Don't worry about food, or water. Only bring along weapons and technology!"

Men and women, soldiers and civilians, children and adults. All the humans on Pixiv hurried to and fro, racing to grab every last item they could, focusing their efforts on bringing along as much wartime munitions, weapons, and armor as possible.

Nobody smiled. Nobody laughed. A pallor of fear and desperation hung in the air. But mixed with the negativity, there was also a grim determination.

Humanity had originally planned to live on Sharmur and Pixiv, separate from one another. Many humans still believed in human supremacy, especially those among Jepthath's Legion. They did not want to fight or live alongside demons. As such, they had moved to the Fairy homeworld, intending to make a new life there.

But now, barely three weeks after being uprooted from Maiura, they were once again moving their belongings, a sense of despair in their hearts.

How many times would they become refugees? How many more times would they have to uproot their lives as if tearing hair from a scalp?

The common people didn't know what was going on. Their leaders assured them this was a good thing, and their lives were about to improve, but nobody truly believed this to be the case.

Even though the humans were transferring to Sharmur, the fairies were not. In fact, the fairies insisted on remaining behind, even after Commander Chadwick privately briefed Fairy Queen Calanthra on the new plan. He thought it was obvious the fairies would be better off taking up refuge inside the Cube.

Instead, Calanthra had merely smiled and told them to take the humans away. If the Cube could come to swallow up Pixiv directly, then that would be acceptable, but under no circumstances would she allow the fairies to abandon Pixiv to the Plague. As for her reasons why, she would not say, leaving some among the human leadership to wonder...

General Chadwick marched around the Warpgate, barking orders at various groups of personnel. He told them which boxes of goods to take first and which to save for the last day. Eventually, he stopped for a short coffee break, and to speak with someone important.

"Henry!" Chadwick shouted, causing the young man to turn and look at him. The two men stood inside a tent less then 500 meters from the Warpgate. "What has she decided?"

Henry nodded. He walked toward a table in the center of the tent, where a starmap of the Milky Way was laid out.

"This is the Southern Sector." Henry said, marking out the bottom 'quarter' of the Milky Way. "You can see the Plague-controlled worlds encroaching on the east and west edges here and here. There are thirty Plague-controlled worlds inside the Southern Sector's borders located here, here, and here. Maiura is one of them."

He drew several lines between various dots on the map. It was a map the Volgrim had given humanity, one which positioned the galaxy in a semi-flat way, with a chosen cardinal direction to be the Galactic North. As the galaxy rotated, the stars stayed in vaguely the same relative positions, but the universe outside would also rotate, so there was a Galactic North for mapping the interior of the Milky Way, and a Universal North that always pointed toward the origin point of the universe. These two Norths were completely different from one another.

The northern, eastern, and western sectors of the Milky Way were almost entirely controlled by the Kolvaxians. These days, aside from a few scattered worlds barely within the southernmost edges of the East Sector and West Sector, the Volgrim had fully fallen back to the Southern Sector, and the Plague were already starting to nibble at the Southern Sector. With the loss of the Psions, the Southern Sector's fate was looking increasingly dire.

"This is where the ruins of Ancient Earth are located, roughly 26,000 lightyears (ly) from the galactic center, near the end of this spiral arm. And this star here? That's Sharmur, roughly 9,500ly west of Earth."

"This is Pixiv. You can see it's about 2,300ly northwest of Sharmur. In galactic terms, a stone's throw. Look over here. The Tarus system is 7,200ly east of Sharmur, and Hell Harbor is another 9,300ly east of the Tarus system. The Cube started out in Hell Harbor, and was moved west by Jason until it came to a rest in the Tarus system, where it remained until the planet's destruction. It can travel roughly 1,500ly per day at max speed, so to get it from the Tarus system to the Sharmur system would require..."

"A little less than five days." Chadwick answered, doing quick calculations in his head. "It's been eighteen days since the Cube departed, so it should have already arrived inside the Sharmur system..."

Henry shook his head. "Not quite. The Cube's travel speed is quite fast at max speed, even compared to Volgrim starships, but much slower than High Psions who specialize in Spatial Psionics. At Warp 8.0, a Volgrim starship would take just over a week to travel the 7,200 lightyears between Tarus II and Sharmur, or it would take a little more than three days at Warp 8.1. Thus, we can say the Cube is capable of traveling at top speeds between Warp 8.0 and 8.1."

He continued. "The problem is, to maintain secrecy, the Cube had to take a more roundabout route, making it move at a speed comparable to Warp 7.5. Still, it will arrive within the next twelve hours, thus the difference isn't too large."

Henry pointed at Sharmur with his left index finger, and the destroyed Tarus system with his right index finger.

"The Cube does not strictly travel at any level of Warp Speed. Instead, it travels at Lightspeed through the dimension called P-Space, where distances between stars are far, far smaller. It has to avoid the gravity well of stars, black holes, and other such stellar phenomena, so its speed isn't as constant as a Volgrim ship traveling at standard Warp Speed."

A short moment passed as Chadwick gave Henry a long look. "This is good to know and everything, but what does this have to do with Linda's decision?"

The greater point of their meeting was not to casually discuss interstellar distances, but to instead discuss what actions humanity should take after the Cube arrived inside the Sharmur system. Thus, Henry's expression became solemn.

"Our immediate goal is to place the entire Sharmur system inside the Cube. The problem is, we don't know whether or not this will damage Demon Deity Melody, or maybe even kill her. If all goes well, we can move the system inside the Cube and gain a Middle Cosmic powerhouse to defend the Cube. But if things go wrong, Melody will die, and humanity will lose our strongest protective talisman."

Henry continued. "Let's assume everything goes badly, Commander. The Cube swallows the Sharmur system and Melody suffers catastrophic damage or even dies. The decision of what to do next is easy. We will have confirmed that the Cube cannot preserve the power of Stellar Wardens, and thus we would only cause damage by trying to swallow their systems. We would move on to Pixiv, which is a short 2300 lightyears away, and within a day and a half, we would scoop up the Fairies and add them to the Cube's internal worlds. Beyond that, we would simply have to pray the Plague hadn't noticed our actions, or else adding other worlds to the Cube would become impossible."

The two men looked at one another, giving Henry a moment to collect his thoughts. However, it was Chadwick who spoke next.

"I understand now. If the Cube can preserve Melody's power, then that would prove we could do the same for the other Stellar Wardens. Those Demon Deities would become powerful assets if we merged them into the Cube. Thus, going to Pixiv next might not be the best idea."

Henry hesitated. "...If the problem only involved empowering humanity and making us more fit to fight the Plague, the decision would be easy. But it isn't."

Darkness fell over Chadwick's eyes. "Mmm. Because of trust."

"Because of trust." Henry confirmed. "Even if the Cube can preserve a Warden's power, do we really trust the Demon Deities enough to add one, two, or perhaps even more of them into the Cube? After all the things they've done? Maybe it's my inner Jepthath talking, but I don't trust those scumbags as far as I can toss them."

"My opinions are obvious." Chadwick said, his voice low. "Nobody on Pixiv trusts the demons. Many people are angry they have to pack up and leave. I would prefer we just stick to the plan of adding Sharmur and Pixiv to the Cube and just leave these demons to themselves."

"You would still have to place your trust in Melody though." Henry pointed out.

"Of course. But I don't mind her much, and I believe she's proven her loyalties decently well. She's gone to bat for humanity several times already." Chadwick said. "Besides, what choice do we have? Melody and Beelzebub are our only powerful protectors. We must rely on them, at least for now."

The young man squeezed his superior's shoulder gently. Henry sighed. "With no Wordsmiths, we're low on options. I pray the Wordsmith's children are able to rise to the challenge. Of Hope's three children, I think Mandy has the best shot of assisting us on a strategic level. Her Runic powers are great for making powerful artifacts, weapons, and armor. Levi is a solid frontline fighter, but when the enemies are Cosmics, I don't think he'll be able to do much. Blake is young and inexperienced, but he certainly has potential."

Chadwick touched his chin. "What about Jason's son? Timothy? Shouldn't he be around... oh, I don't know... 16 years old by now?"

"I can't say for certain, but I think he's closer to 18 or 19 now." Henry said. "Jepthath doesn't have any Legionnaires inside Chrona, so we can't communicate directly with them. Our best bet is that the fairies can establish communication with Blinker, or maybe Marie Becker can get in contact with her Cybernite liason."

"We don't even know if Timothy has powers." Chadwick said. "It's best not to rely on an unknown variable. We should work with what we know we have. It's entirely possible Timothy won't get any powers at all."

A short lull in the conversation followed. Henry communication with the Legion for a minute or so, then his expression darkened.

"Something's been bothering me, Chadwick."

Chadwick's eyebrows shot up. "What's the matter?"

The Norwegian man's portly body shook as he noticed Henry's unease.

"Remember how Jason Hiro supposedly removed the 'flaw' from human bodies?" Henry asked.

"Of course." Chadwick responded. "It's made our people able to impregnate basically any species."

"Right... and as weird as that is, that's all we've really seen happen." Henry pointed out. "I thought removing the Flaw was supposed to give us Heroes galore, but so far nothing has really happened. Demons like Kiari have become impregnated by human lovers, but beyond that, not much has changed. We don't see any powerful new Heroes rising up. We don't see incredible feats happening. Everything just seems... the same."

Chadwick stared down at the galactic map laid out on the table. His eyes bored into it with deep intent, yet his gaze was unfocused, as if he couldn't see anything in front of him in particular.

"It hasn't even been a month yet." Chadwick concluded. "Perhaps not enough time has passed for humans to develop any powers. Perhaps our current generation won't be able to develop any abilities, but the next one will."

"You might be right, but the uncertainty is killing me." Henry complained. "We NEED champions. Now more than ever. The Archangels deceived us, and they're going to gobble up the whole galaxy if we don't fight back."

"The situation is dire, but I do not believe it's hopeless." Chadwick said with a knowing smile. "We are not yet backed into a corner. If the only thing we do is place the Sharmur system inside the Cube, and even if Melody dies, I believe that as long as we hide the Cube in a corner of the galaxy and increase its time dilation, we will be able to advance rapidly. Who knows? Perhaps we may even be able to develop a single star system to the point humanity alone can fight back the Plague!"

Henry didn't seem to buy into Chadwick's argument. "The situation _is_ 'hopeless.' Hope literally died. I don't see humanity making it another decade, let alone a hundred years."

"Oh, ye of little faith." The Commander said with a snort. "Just take it from a tired old man. Humanity is not so weak that we will bow to the Plague."

After a minute of wrapping up the discussion, Chadwick pointed at the map.

"Tell Linda my recommendation is to swallow the Sharmur system, then the Pixiv system, no matter what. As for the Demon Deities, we should only determine whether or not to swallow one or more of their systems after we have saved our closest allies first."

"Alright." Henry said. "I'll pass that on to her."

The young man turned and strode out of the tent, leaving Chadwick behind. The Norwegian man snorted derisively.

"Neil was right. We mustn't trust the demons any more than is necessary."

---

_The world of Numaria, deep underground, beneath a mountain._

Barbatos's body twitched. Beside him, Emperor Belial stood, her hands placed upon his chest, pouring her feeble mortal healing energy into him. Emperor Leeroy was there as well, and the two of them worked tirelessly to do their best to heal Barbatos's grievous wounds as best as they could.

"Brother Barbatos." Auger said, as he walked over to stand on the opposite side of the bed Barbatos had been laid upon. "There is a matter I must consult with you about."

Barbatos slowly opened his eyes. A deep gloominess filled his vision; the result of witnessing his brother's death, and the sadness and loneliness that came along with it. For the entire past day after crash-landing on Numaria, his mind had ached with mental pain far greater than the torture his body endured. To lose the only brother he ever had in the world, a brother who had once given his life to save Barbatos, that fact seared his soul's very foundation.

Barbatos was in more pain than anyone knew, but he never let it show.

"Speak..." Barbatos rasped.

Auger hesitated, seeing the pain in Barbatos's eyes. But he ultimately relented. "I have spoken to the Volgrim. They informed me of a possible way we demons might be able to stand a chance against the Plague, but... it would require the help of a High Cosmic, or even better, an Apex Cosmic."

Barbatos slowly blinked. His eyes slid to the left to look at Auger's face. He said nothing, simply waiting for Auger's explanation.

Sensing Barbatos's intent, Auger cleared his throat, bowed his head, and serenely clasped his hands together in front of his waist.

"Unarin believes it may be possible to relocate the star systems of our Middle Cosmics. To do so would require the power of a being terrifying beyond belief. By moving not only the star itself, but also the planets, we might be able to slowly 'drag' Numaria, Hell Harbor, and other such systems together, within just a few lightyears of each other. Middle Cosmics are barely powerful enough to 'nudge' the direction of a system's natural travel orientation, but High Cosmics can exert enough power to directly pull systems in a desired direction much more quickly. Apex Cosmics would be able to do the same feat, but far faster and with less effort."

Barbatos's eyes opened and closed, ever so slowly.

"You wish... for me... to move Numaria?"

"Not now. You are injured and weak." Auger said, bowing his head. "I would certainly not presume to order you around. I have spent the past 16 hours testing out the range I can project my power. I can travel up to 10 lightyears from Numaria's star before my power begins to wane. Once I travel 15 lightyears, my power starts to drop rapidly, and as such, I believe 10 lightyears is my maximum 'force projection distance.'"

Auger continued. "I have not yet spoken to the other Deities about this, as I wanted to run it past you first. You are the strongest demon in the Milky Way, and as such, everyone is looking to you for leadership. Do you believe, once you are recovered, you will have the strength to move our star systems together? If we can position ourselves closely enough, all the Demon Deities will be able to multiply our power and cover for one another! We will be able to fight back if the Plague arrives and carve out at least one small, tiny sliver of the Milky Way as a bulwark the Archangels won't be able to penetrate!"

Auger paused.

"All of this, of course, is only possible if you are willing to assist us once you've healed. If not... I will continue to look into other alternatives."

A long silence followed. Barbatos's eyes drifted open and closed. He stared up at the ceiling, feeling Belial and Leeroy's healing magic slowly healing his broken body, a little bit at a time.

"Very... well..." Barbatos said quietly. "Once I am... healed. I will try."

Auger's gaze brightened.

"Many thanks, Barbatos. I will do everything in my power to speed up your healing."

He bowed his head respectfully, then turned and walked away.

Now, it seemed possible that the demons had acquired an alternative method of protecting themselves...