Part 186: Marie's Oasis

Kar, Blinker, and I follow after Rebecca as she heads toward the teleportation room's exit door. I marvel at the brown-haired android's movements and how smooth they are. Not only do her actions seem the opposite of robotic, but she also appears more limber and flexible than anyone I've ever met, barring Belial.

"I'll take you to meet Miss Becker," Rebecca says, as she types in a sixty-something digit keycode on the room's exit. My eyes widen as her fingers move like lightning, dancing across the buttons far too quickly for me to follow. All I see are the afterimages of her movements. "Naturally, you'll have to wait a while to meet her. Miss Becker has been working on a new device for the past year, and even for her, it's proven exceptionally difficult to create."

I raise an eyebrow. "What sort of device?"

Rebecca finishes entering the door-code, and it slides open. She glances back at me and says with an utterly expressionless face, "A trans-dimensional inverse polaric field generator with modulated tachyon bursts to improve stability."

I nod thoughtfully. "Ohh. Yes, mhm. I see."

Phoebe appears in my mind. "Do you have any idea what that is?"

_Nope._

Glancing at Kar, the faint glaze over his eyes tells me he hasn't a clue what the scientist said, either.

Rebecca leads us out of the teleportation room. Immediately, a cacophony of sounds and visual stimuli makes me pause to take in my surroundings.

The massive chamber outside dwarfs the Labyrinth's Core in scope. It stretches for miles into the distance, with hundreds of glass-encased catwalks, tube-like elevators going from floor to floor, and slick, smoothed-out machines whirring and clicking as they manipulate various fancy objects. Not far from us, a small group of scientists stands on a square platform ten-feet wide. It hovers through the air like a UFO, using what I can only assume are four anti-gravity thrusters on its corners, similar to my ship, Esther.

Rebecca barely gives the massive facility, her home, a second glance. She quickly turns left and begins walking beside a guardrail with a sheer drop of nearly a thousand feet to the floor below.

"This is your first time visiting our facility. Any questions?"

Kar and I fall into step behind her. Kar appears noticeably less dazzled than me by all the machinery, but even so, he still shoots admiring glances into the distance, as if to say, _look at how awesome my mother is! She built all this!_

"I don't know where to start," I say, answering Rebecca's query. "What is this place? What do you all do here? How are you able to hide from the demon's detection? More importantly, why did Marie wait six years before asking to meet me?"

Rebecca doesn't answer immediately. Instead, she continues to walk at a measured pace, then stops before an unused hovering platform, one similar to what the two scientists were using. She ushers for all of us to step onto it, and immediately, my heart jumps into my throat. The hover-platform offers no guardrails to prevent people from plunging off the edge to the floor a thousand feet below. As Kar and I step onto it, but before I can voice my concerns, Rebecca summons a holographic keyboard from her palm, taps a button, and activates a force-field around us. A shimmering wall of light envelops the platform, then fades away, disappearing as if it had never existed in the first place. I reach out to tap it, just to suppress my fear of heights, which causes the air to shimmer slightly where the barrier persists.

Rebecca keys in some location coordinates and the platform takes off, bringing us along with it. "You don't beat around the bush, Mister Hiro. As I said before, this facility is the last remnant of humanity's once-unstoppable firepower. Fifty-thousand scientists, engineers, and soldiers stand guard over the last vestiges of our species' hopes and dreams. We continue to experiment on ancient technology and artifacts, iterating and improving on them over time. Thanks to Miss Becker's genius, we've yet to fade away into obscurity."

"As for your second question, what we 'do here' is innovate and create new weapons, armor, and all sorts of other incredible items which you might find difficult to wrap your mind around. Miss Becker intends to unravel the mysteries of the universe, and thus her scientific curiosity has proven voracious and insatiable for well over 100,000 years now."

"But... for your third question, I must inform you that you are mistaken. We are not 'hidden' from the demons. They know of our existence and routinely check on our progress. Ose, the newest Demon Emperor, was the head of the demon's technology division for the past several epochs. Her genius only slightly pales in comparison to Miss Becker, which, coupled with her incredible demonic powers, makes her more than an equal to our founder, in my opinion."

A hint of dejection appears in Rebecca's eyes. She turns to face us, paying no attention to the platform's movements as it lifts off and begins sailing over the heads of thousands of people below.

"We aren't hiding from the demons, Mister Hiro. We're working for them."

My heart skips a beat. I glance at Kar, only to realize he isn't surprised at all. "What?! Kar! Is this a trap? You're delivering me into the hands of demon sympathizers!"

Kar blinks. He tilts his head and scratches his chin. "Uhh. No. It's not what you think, Turtle."

"Sorry," Rebecca says, smiling awkwardly. "My phrasing was poor. What I mean is that we have no choice but to follow their orders. Ose inspects our facility constantly. Her manipulation of electricity allows her to infiltrate any machine by merely gazing at it, which means it's nearly impossible for us to keep secrets from her. Since rising to the position of Emperor, her abilities have become even more fearsome. I think you should know the bitter truth ahead of meeting Miss Becker. We mean you no harm, especially given your status as a Hero, but don't expect any favors to fall into your lap."

I swallow my doubts and nod. "Right, I see. Sorry, I got a little jumpy for a second."

Rebecca shakes her head. "It's my fault. Don't mention it."

...

As we travel across the facility, I continue to question Rebecca about various happenings and events I've missed over the last 100,000 years. My eyes casually sweep through the areas above and below, picking out the presence of starship docking bays, giant war-bots, and long, glass tubes extending from the ground to the ceiling. Each one, filled with liquid, allows air bubbles to rise to the roof.

"Isn't this place strange?" My mind-wife, Phoebe, asks.

_Yes,_ I reply, internalizing my words. _Marie works for the demons, yet they allow her to build all of these incredible weapons. Why isn't Ose afraid of Marie fighting back against demonkind? Hell, why isn't she worried Marie might hand over this incredible technology to us?_

Phoebe shakes her head. "That's not what I mean. Look at the shape of the walls and the ceiling. These glass tubes seem to send nutrients and oxygen everywhere, yet according to Rebecca, all the humans who live here are androids. Why would they need oxygen, food, and so on?"

_Probably for the lizardmen. Kar visits occasionally. Marie wouldn't want her precious babies to suffocate._

"True, but that's not what I'm getting at," Phoebe murmurs. She furrows her brow and sweeps her eyes toward the ceiling. "Don't you think this facility's shape somewhat resembles a massive brain?"

Phoebe's question stumps me. I try to follow along with her logic, but my mind draws a blank.

_I don't understand. What makes you think this place resembles a brain?_

Phoebe rubs her forehead. "Maybe I have an overactive imagination. I mean, look at the catwalks we keep flying past! Don't they remind you of neurons? And the nutrient tubes- aren't they a lot like blood vessels and capillaries?"

I scoff. _Just because Marie's facility has a rounded ceiling and pathways to get from one side of the facility to the other doesn't mean it's a brain. I think the place looks more like a super-sized mega-mall._

"A mega-mall?"

_Something from my era. Nevermind, I'd have to show you for it to make sense._

"Hmm... if you say so..."

Phoebe trails off, unconvinced. I shrug and return to my conversation with Rebecca.

"-are the regeneration pods," Rebecca says, answering one of Blinker's questions. "Miss Becker's research allowed us to create machines which could rebuild not only our mechanical bodies if they should suffer an injury, but biological organisms as well. Using the algorithmic prediction patterns, we can use fragmented data, detailed observations, and same-type matching analyses to bring any limb or organ back to new in seconds! It's top of the line, far better than what the demons use. Ose has tried several times to replicate Miss Becker's nanopods, but to no avail."

Blinker crosses her arms. "I thought the demons used those stinky blood-pits. Do you mean to tell me the top brass have magical healing thingies similar to what Marie built?"

Rebecca shakes her head. A hint of pride enters her voice. "Nope! Your guess is correct. Demons use human blood to regenerate their bodies. Ose once made a partially functional biological regeneration chamber, but the other demons shunned it. As I'm sure you're aware, most demons avoid technology wherever possible. Even if they didn't, Ose's prototype was shamefully inferior to Marie's invention. In ten percent of cases, it would cause horrible skin irritations, which could even lead to flesh necrosis! Haha... compared to Miss Becker, all other minds pale in comparison."

Rebecca's face glows warmly. Her feelings of awe and respect for Marie Becker flow from her freely and without restraint. I need only one look to tell how much she respects the head scientist at this facility.

"So," I say, interjecting before Blinker can speak. "If you don't mind me asking... assuming Marie is as brilliant and unmatched as you claim, why does she allow the demons to bully her around? Why not march on the Labyrinth and take out the bastards who shoved humanity back into the Dark Ages?"

Rebecca's smile fades away.

The scientist folds her hands loosely on her stomach.

"Mmm. Because, Jason, demons aren't our only enemies. As long as the Volgrim tower above us... we haven't a chance of reversing our current state."

My heart skips a beat. "The Volgrim? I've heard of them, but I haven't seen one before. Can you tell me more? Who are they? What are they like? What do they want?"

Rebecca's expression turns numb. "Oh, there's no need for me to answer. Miss Becker is a far more appropriate person to ask about those matters. When you see her, she will answer all of your questions."

"But..."

"No 'buts,' Mister Hiro. It's not appropriate for me to speak about matters related to the Overlords. Anything concerning our _esteemed_ leaders must pass through Miss Becker's hands first."

I nod. "Alright. I'll wait, then."

The hover-lift travels across tens of miles of the Remnant Oasis. As we float along at close to fifty miles an hour, I find myself wondering just how big this facility is. When I first arrived in the teleportation room, I thought it was twice the size of the Labyrinth Core, perhaps even three times. Now I find that it's countless hundreds of times bigger.

"One last question," I say. "Regarding this facility. I used to possess a detailed map of the Labyrinth. However, never once did I see anything as vast as this facility hidden in its depths. Where are we?"

Kar smirks. "Psh. My mother has her ways of hiding, Turtle. Just because you couldn't find it on a map doesn't mean it's not in the Labyrinth. Where else could it be?!"

Rebecca smiles at Kar. "Oh, my apologies, King of All Monsters. It seems you don't know. Mister Hiro is quite correct in his observation."

Kar's cocky smirk vanishes, and his jaw drops. "What?! No way! We've gotta be in the Labyrinth! Do you think I'm dense? We didn't even step through one of them portal thingies!"

"That 'portal' you speak of is like a tin can when compared to Miss Becker's creation. A Dimensional Bending Array, one which requires tens of thousands of hand-made calculations, is nothing in the face of a Transwarp Conduit. Comparing the two is like holding up a piece of coal next to a high-grade gemstone."

Rebecca's tone turns smug as she mocks Ose's handiwork.

"I said before that Ose is the only person who can hold a candle to Miss Becker, but even that's not strictly true. Ose's machines are still always two tiers below our facility's Head, even at their pinnacle. Ose is a better machinist than anyone else, a superior intellect in the field of bio-engineering, and overall a genius in her own right. However, compared to Miss Becker, she might as well be a two-bit street peddler."

"You really admire Marie," I say, nodding at Rebecca. "You must know her pretty well."

Rebecca reaches up and brushes a strand of hair from her face. "Oh, um... no? I don't speak with Miss Becker much. She stationed me at the Transport Facility six years ago to oversee the comings and goings of her beloved lizardmen. Beyond that, I've barely spoken a word to her in the last thousand years. She's far too busy to talk to someone as low on the totem pole as I."

I raise an eyebrow.

_Six years ago? That was around the time I emerged from my Cryopod. Did Marie place Rebecca there deliberately? Rebecca was the last person I saw before entering hibernation. Surely it can't be a coincidence._

"No offense, but now I'm wondering how important you are at all," I say, trying to sound casual. "We've met before, but you don't seem to remember me. Maybe that's why Marie wanted you in the Transport Facility?"

Rebecca shrugs. "Oh yes, that's a possibility. Miss Becker has been keeping tabs on you since your emergence. Everyone receives monthly debriefs on your activity, among other things."

"You do?"

"Mhm."

Rebecca doesn't elaborate. I look at Kar, but he doesn't seem bothered by the idea of his mother keeping her eye on him.

However, I am.

I don't know Marie at all. No matter how kind or loving she might be, I find it creepy knowing she watches me from a distance. What am I to her? A lab rat? An experiment? Given my status as a Hero, shouldn't she have wanted to meet me immediately?

"We're here," Rebecca says, pulling me out of my thoughts. I turn to watch as our floating platform rotates to the left and pulls up to a nondescript walkway built into the side of the facility. A concrete catwalk leads along the wall to the right and left, trailing off far into the distance. Above and below us, a dozen other paths echo the one we've arrived at, making this place feel unimportant. Nothing about it appears unique, which makes me wonder... is this unremarkable location where the head of this massive facility lives and works?

I expected she would have a fancy office or something with more prestige attached to it.

The platform slows to a stop and docks with our destination, causing its force-field to drop. Rebecca disembarks, Kar follows her, and I trail after him.

Unlike where we departed, very few people travel around this part of the facility. A few scattered hoverpads zip around, and several thousand feet away, I spot a few people walking on the opposite wall's roads. Beyond them, hardly anyone exists in this area.

"The higher-ranked members of the Oasis tend to congregate here," Rebecca says, acting as if she's read my mind. "Anyone with a rank below tier 3 usually has no business entering this region, given most of the work conducted here is top secret. Today is a rare opportunity for me to see Miss Becker's handiwork close up!"

Excitement creeps into Rebecca's voice. Her body becomes more animated as she quickly heads toward a nondescript door leading into the Oasis's wall.  A one-way glass window prevents us from seeing inside, making me wonder what they're hiding.

Rebecca hesitates at the door for a moment before summoning a hologram from her palm.

"Umi, I'd like to access the Administration Entry Room."

Two seconds pass.

The hologram in Rebecca's palm shifts around to reveal an odd-looking woman. Her formless face, one whose features I can't make out despite standing only a few feet away, stares expressionlessly at Rebecca.

"Request acknowledged, Researcher 4125. Head Scientist Marie Becker is aware of your presence. She has granted you temporary access to the arrival and deployment area. Do not attempt to enter beyond this point. Head Scientist Marie Becker will meet The Biological in seven minutes, fifty-two seconds."

Rebecca's cheerful expression fades. "Oh. Yes, of course. Thank you, Umi." She closes her palm, and the holographic face disappears.

"Umi? Who's that?" I ask. "She looked... odd."

Rebecca stares at her closed fist for a moment, a wave of disappointment washing over her face. "Oh. She's... she's..."

Blinker flutters off Kar's shoulder. She flies over to Rebecca and hovers in front of her face. "Hey, don't look so down, lady! There's no need to get all mopey on us."

Rebecca sighs. "I'm sorry. It's just... I thought I had a chance to see Miss Becker's research close-up, but they won't even let me have a peek. I've served in this facility ever since the Energy Wars, but I'm still as useless as ever."

The door unlocks with an audible _click_, and Rebecca robotically pushes it open, barely paying it any heed. She steps inside, and we follow after, but her dejected appearance brings down everyone's mood.

"I could do so much more for Miss Becker, but she doesn't have time for a nobody like me. I'm doomed to linger at the bottom rungs for the rest of eternity."

Gently, I pat Rebecca's shoulder. Her cold, silicone skin feels surprisingly human, despite her android chassis. "Hey, don't worry, alright? I'll try to put in a good word for you. You were really helpful to me."

Rebecca raises her eyes to meet mine. "You'd do that? Thank you, Jason. I don't know what to say. We've only just met."

"It's the least I can do," I say, chuckling softly. "If it weren't for you, I'd have at least twenty more unanswered questions rolling in my head."

We step through the door, and it closes behind us, revealing a waiting room with a mechanical assistant sitting at a desk not far away. Its appearance is different from Rebecca's, since it has a pure metal body and a square appearance. Compared to the sleek design of everything else at the Oasis, it's the crudest robot I've seen to date.

"Researcher 4125. Thank you for bringing the Biological to us. We will take things from here."

The robot's harsh voice causes Rebecca to lower her head. "I'll take my leave."

Without another word, Rebecca leaves the way we entered. She lingers in the doorway for a split-second, showing a dissatisfied expression, but ultimately relents.

I feel bad for her. The person who helped me enter my Cryopod is now nothing more than a cog in a machine. She aspires toward greatness, but cannot shake the anchor tied to her feet.

Compared with her, who am I? A man glorified by the gods, given godlike power on a silver platter. She's earned her lot in life, while I was the recipient of privilege.

Life is unfair.

"Biological entity, JASON HIRO, take a seat. Head Scientist Marie Becker will receive you in seven minutes, thirteen seconds."

"Sure."

I glance at Kar, then walk over to a row of hard, metal chairs placed against the wall. This place reminds me of a dentist's office, giving me horrible flashbacks to the time I needed a wisdom tooth yanked out.

The robotic assistant sits in its chair, motionless. It stares at the door, unmoving, while my thoughts begin to roam.

Rebecca didn't answer my question about Umi. This robot has a similar voice to Umi and even speaks similarly. Is it Umi? 

Is Umi a robot?

"Hurgh," Kar mutters. "My mother puts a lot of emphasis on punctuality. Don't worry. If Umi says she'll be here in eight minutes, she won't make you wait a second longer."

"I'm not worried about waiting a few minutes," I say, laughing Kar's concerns off. "But, uh... say, Kar. Do you know who this 'Umi' lady is?"

Kar raises an eyebrow.

"Pft. Duh! Umi is my mother's Oracle. Don't you know anything, Turtle?! Who hasn't heard of Umi? She's someone even the demons fear!"

I frown. _An Oracle? I've never heard of her. Demon Oracles are supposed to possess nigh-omniscient vision of Hell's happenings. Is Umi a demon defector? Someone who joined Marie to help serve her?_

Suddenly, Phoebe pipes up. "Ah! It all makes sense now. I knew I was right, earlier."

_Right? About what?_ I ask.

"It's like I mentioned before, Jason. I thought about making something similar back when I wore Solomon's Crown. Don't you get it?"

Phoebe smiles.

"Umi isn't an Oracle. She's an AI. Marie's entire facility is Umi's brain."