Part 437: Confessor's Revival

[NOOO!] Vulpanix shrieks. [THE MIND THIEF! NEVER! NEVERR!!!]

Terrified out of her wits, the lauded Confessor's eyes turn bloodshot as she summons every last drop of the power contained within her soul! 

[NEVER! NEVER! NEVEEE-]

Abruptly, Vulpanix completes her last ditch effort, self-destructing the link from her soul to her body. Her vision goes dark, and everything fades away.

A moment later, a cold sensation, like ice-water splashing her face, makes her howl in pain. She struggles futilely, but fails to awaken from the inescapable slumber shrouding her perception.

Then, a burst of light.

Vulpanix suddenly materializes in the air and falls downward helplessly. Her naked body crashes against an ornate technological wonder of an altar, and she shudders in pain.

[Nnn...]

Her vision goes dark once again as she falls unconscious for the second time.

A few seconds seemingly pass.

Then, Vulpanix opens her eyes.

All around her, a swirling of lights and colors and shapes bombards her vision. She dizzily tries to make sense of her surroundings, but can't muster the strength to move her body.

[Careful now.] A female voice says, projecting into Vulpanix's mind. [You've only just awoken. Take a few moments to rest. You don't have a drop of strength to spare.]

Vulpanix's chest heaves. She fails to perceive the world around her, either with her eyes or her psionic senses. Not since the day she emerged from her chrysalis has she felt as weak and pitiful as she does at this very moment. A human child could reach out and snap her neck, and she wouldn't be able to resist, or at least that's how pathetic she feels.

Several moments pass.

Vulpanix's chest rises and falls. She wavers in and out of consciousness, and after several tries, she finally manages to flutter open her six eyes.

A painfully bright light shines down on her from above, making her wince. She inhales through her nose, taking a long, slow breath.

[I... I...]

The blurry world comes more into focus. Vulpanix's gaze drifts to the side, where she sees a fellow Psion walk up and stop beside her. The female Psion gives Vulpanix's body a once-over and nods.

[Your first False Death. It's always the one that hurts the most. You feel vulnerable, weak, and pitiful. I felt the same way during my first fall.]

The gold-skinned Psion standing beside Vulpanix radiates an aura of power. Her red robes hang from her body, giving her the appearance of an exotic empress, someone who could easily crush a planet in her grasp.

[C-Creator Demila. Why... are you here?] Vulpanix asks weakly.

Creator Demila, an ancient Psion who has long-since reached the limits of her strength after two million years of life, nevertheless still possesses far more maturity and authority than her junior Confessor. She evaluates the Confessor with a dismissive gaze.

[Why not? Am I not allowed to go wheresoever I please? You've made quite the mess, Vulpanix. This time, you've truly put the Founders in an awkward position.]

Suddenly recalling the circumstances that caused Vulpanix to initiate her Soul Shutdown Sequence, her entire body trembles in fright. [The... the Wordsmith! What happened? Is Serris-]

[Serris is...] Demila says quietly, silencing her fellow 7th-ranked Psion. [It's gone.]

For a brief moment, neither Psion says a word. Vulpanix's skin turns cold as she hears the truth of the matter for the first time.

[Surely... surely the Wordsmith would not go so far...]

Demila's face betrays no emotion.

[Forty five billion of the Volgrim Empire's brightest, dead. One of our three most top-secret locations, plundered, pillaged, and destroyed. Several of our top personnel, including one of the last living Celestial Designers, captured. To imply that you cast our people into one of the worst catastrophes at the worst possible moment in time would be... _a mild understatement_, to say the least.]

Vulpanix shudders at the hint of anger in her fellow Psion's voice. Weak as she is now, Vulpanix couldn't offer the faintest resistance if Demila decided to kill her on the spot.

[I... I thought... the Wordsmith would be reasonable.]

[As did we all.] Demila says calmly. [After I received word of the events, I attended a top-secret meeting with several high-rankers. All of the Founders were there.]

She pauses.

[_All_ of them, Vulpanix.]

[What?] Vulpanix asks, realizing the implication in Demila's words. [Even the Fifth Founder?]

[Yes.] Demila answers. [Even Founder Cinculu deigned to join the proceedings. Naturally, he did not speak a word, but his rage was thick in the air.]

Suddenly realizing something, Vulpanix flicks her eyes around. [How long have I been in the Restoration Chamber? It feels as if only a few instants passed since my battle with the Wordsmith...]

[Nine rotational cycles.] Demila answers. [Many events transpired while you were unconscious. Hope Hiro used the power of the divine blade to obliterate Serris, then he abruptly disappeared. I've been keeping track of Jason Hiro's activities, but it does not seem as if Hope Hiro has returned to Tarus II and contacted him. However, given how adeptly he managed to sneak around Volgarius, it's entirely possible he was able to deceive me. My psionic senses are far from omniscient, after all.]

[I could only detect the Wordsmith's precise location when he arrived within one thousand meters of my position.] Vulpanix mutters. [Perhaps three thousand meters if we're going by a vague sense of him in the wind. I couldn't tell exactly where he was until he reached my immediate zone of influence. If I were inattentive and not looking for him explicitly, he'd have easily slipped past me.]

Vulpanix becomes quiet for a moment, then closes her eyes.

[...Nine rotational cycles. What have the Founders decided to do with me?]

Demila snorts. [You are not as important as you imagine yourself to be, young Confessor. Your future is bright and I would wager that you will ascend to the 8th Level someday, but at this moment, the Founders can barely cast a thought your way. There is nothing you can do to undo your failure. They are much more focused on how the Serris Incident will affect the war effort, and what sort of powerful adversary the Second Wordsmith will become.]

The Creator straightens her back and assumes a domineering posture. [For now, you must quickly repair your injuries, restore your psionic power, and follow me to Volgarius. Founder Unarin wishes to personally speak to you regarding the Serris Annihilation Event.]

Vulpanix shudders. [The First Founder himself? But why speak to me?]

[Fool!] Demila barks. [You are the only person alive and able to bear witness regarding that day. Not a single soul managed to evacuate in time. As for the captured elites, we do not even know if they are alive or dead!]

Vulpanix slowly blinks her eyes. [They are alive. Hope Hiro... he captured them and placed Solomon's Crown on all of their heads. The Mind Thief has already stolen all of their knowledge. I self-destructed to prevent him from learning any of my secrets, but compared to the brilliance of a Celestial Designer...]

She falls silent as Demila's wrathful gaze meets hers. [Imbecilic fool. You've always been too arrogant for your own good. Rising to the 7th Level in only 100,000 cycles while focusing on multiple paths is truly praiseworthy, but it came at the cost of your humility! You believed you could bully the Wordsmith instead of working with him properly, and as such, he outwitted you! Now, explain to me exactly what happened. I want every last detail!]

Unable to nod her head due to exhaustion, Vulpanix instead simply blinks her eyes. [Of course, Creator. It's like this...]

...

...

...

For several long minutes, Vulpanix speaks to Demila, detailing her experiences with Hope, the feelings she had, her thought processes, and any other miscellaneous observations, anything she thinks might give her superior some useful information. At the same time, Demila doesn't play any games with Vulpanix, opting to psionically download her memories wholesale, making Vulpanix feel more than a little violated. Among Psions, directly reading the memories of another is considered a terrible taboo, but she also endures such shame that she doesn't feel comfortable enough to try and stop Demila's cerebral intrusion.

Not that she could even if she wanted to. 

So weak and pathetic is Vulpanix that she couldn't put up a simple psionic barrier to slow Demila down. Her thoughts are utterly at the mercy of her fellow Volgrim, and the Founders probably wouldn't say a word if Demila 'justifiably' found a reason to injure her.

At the very least, Demila doesn't push things too far. After obtaining all the useful information, she retracts her psionic sense, allowing Vulpanix to breathe easier.

[Stupid. Foolish. 100,000 cycles old and you have the blind arrogance of a newly spawned Initiator lacking all common sense. Why did you show off the presence of the Celestial Designer to Hope Hiro? You essentially advertised a crippling weakness to him! The Founders should have put ME in charge of this operation. I'd never have made such an elementary mistake...]

Vulpanix winces at Demila's assessment, but offers no defense of her actions. The guilt she feels is palpable enough that she can only blame herself for everything that went wrong as well, not that Demila has any intentions of letting her off the hook.

[Now that I better know the situation that has transpired,] Demila says, after a few minutes of digesting the information she's obtained, [I can understand why Hope has not revealed himself. He has simply made too many gains!]

[Too many indeed...] Vulpanix mutters gloomily.

[If the only artifact Hope Hiro obtained was Solomon's Crown, he would already have become too terrifying to imagine.] Demila says quietly. [Let alone the Crown placed atop the head of our revered Celestial Designer. Combined with the might of a thousand other artifacts, once he returns to humanity's shores, their rise will become truly unstoppable. While you are no doubt aware of the number of gains he has made, it must be mentioned that this is the worst-case scenario Unarin brought up during that meeting I attended. He intends to speak to you the moment you have regained your strength.]

[Where has Hope gone then?] Vulpanix wonders.

[If I am to hazard a guess...] Demila says, [then I must assume he has entered seclusion. Hidden somewhere in the galaxy, he will be taking some time to identify his newly acquired treasures and learn how to use them. There is nothing we can do to stop him at this time. We cannot find him. We cannot even annoy him. At best, we can capture his copulation partner on Tarus II to stymie his wrath, but that would potentially cause a rift between us and the First Wordsmith.]

Vulpanix exhales through her nose. [That would not work. Hope is too prideful. He has a power complex. A driven ego. We must be wary of enraging him.]

[Indeed. We will defer to Founder Unarin's wisdom regarding this matter. He has already given me my instructions.] 

Demila turns and walks away from the regeneration pod containing Vulpanix. The Confessor frowns. She tries to lift her head to follow the Creator's movements, but her strength is simply too lacking to allow such a thing. And with the walls of the pod obscuring her vision, she can't see anything else inside the medical facility except for the ceiling and the lights shining down on her face.

Before long, her pod begins to shift. It lifts up and tilts forward, finally affording her a better view of her surroundings. She finds herself inside a small hospital room reserved for elite Psions, one with advanced medical equipment specially designed to rejuvenate and restore psionic power. Glass tubes of variously colored liquids run along the walls, with small plasticine tubules that pass their contents into the pod half-enveloping Vulpanix's frail form. The shiny white walls give her a vague reassurance that the facility is sterile and safe, albeit unwelcoming and cold.

The door to the room opens. A frail-looking Technopath walks in, his heavy metallic legs clanking against the floor as he pauses to nod respectfully at Demila.

"Creator Demila..." The male says. "It has been a while."

[Psio-specialist Goldis.] Demila says even more respectfully. [We need to hasten Vulpanix's recovery. Founder Unarin has authorized me to use three hyper-revival stimulants on the Confessor.]

"Three?" Goldis asks, the aged Technopath pausing. "It will place considerable strain on her frame. This is only her first revival, after all. She is not yet accustomed to the trauma. And we still need to separate her soul back into the Transmission Facility."

[For now, she can remain inside her True Body.] Demila says. [We can separate the two later. Expedience is of the utmost importance. Will there be any permanent negative effects from ingesting three hyper-revival stimulants at the same time?]

"Mmm... I do not believe so." Goldis answers, after a moment of thought. "But it will cause her tremendous pain. She will reawaken her powers, but it may take her several hundred cycles to stabilize her foundation once more. If she were to die during that period... it would be a True Death, whether or not she were operating from the confines of the Transmission Facility."

Demila raises an eyebrow. [I was unaware of these side-effects. Would two stimulants have less of an adverse effect?]

"Indeed. But in this humble specialist's opinion, I would simply request that she only consume one. Do you intend for her to engage in battle in the near future? A single stimulant will allow her to regain her mobility within three standard time units."

Demila shakes her head. [No. Vulpanix need only speak to the Founders for now.]

"I see. A single stimulant will not restore her battle capabilities quickly, but she will regain basic psionic functions at an accelerated speed. I always advise you Psions not to be too hasty in these matters. You are so patient in building up your foundations... why rush to restore your strength when a period of weakness can fortify one's mind? Given the events that have transpired with regard to Serris, perhaps a period of self-reflection would do Vulpanix well to temper her... personal tendencies.]

Demila glances at Vulpanix with a look of amusement. She snorts.

[Yes. I quite like that idea. Very well. One stimulant will suffice. I shall take my leave and return in three standard time-units. I have many matters to which I must attend.]

"Of course. Of course." Goldis says, slowly waving his aged tentacles. "May the Founders guide your path."

Creator Demila leaves without another word, allowing Goldis and Vulpanix some time alone together. The ancient-looking psio-specialist slowly walks over to his upright patient and inspects her nude body without the slightest hint of interest. As Volgrim, they have no sexual interest in one another, especially not across sub-species.

"Mmm. Doesn't feel pleasant, does it?" Goldis asks. "The first death is always the most terrifying one. Some Psions, having lived for thousands of cycles and having successfully won many battles, suffer terrible mental breakdowns after their revival. With their egos shattered, they crumple into balls and self-immolate, never again to walk the mortal coil. And how about you, Confessor? Do you feel sound of mind?"

Vulpanix eyes the unfamiliar Technopath for a moment, then blinks her eyes.

[My willpower is strong. I feel deep shame regarding my failure at Serris. But it will not impede my Path. I have walked unwaveringly from the rank of Initiator to Confessor without hesitation. A stumble like this will allow me to self-reflect on my failures and firm my resolve.]

"Good, good." Goldis says, turning to the side. He reaches out his tentacles and manipulates a medical device of some sort, keying instructions into it. "The number of young prodigies I've met who mentally collapsed following their first death are simply too many to count. Your willpower certainly meets the expected standard of an elite."

[With respect, Goldis,] Vulpanix says, [I have not heard your name spoken before. Who are you?]

"Me?" Goldis asks, pausing his work to glance at her. "Just an old fogey who's lived for far too long. I was enjoying quite a pleasant retirement until that Plague came. Then the Founders called me back to my post. Sigh... and here I am, eighty thousand cycles later. The work never ends..."

Vulpanix frowns even more deeply. [How... old are you? If you don't mind me asking?]

"Mmm. Quite old, yes. Quite old indeed..." Goldis says, his words softening. "Mmm. Lived a long time, I have. Saw everything. From the very beginning. Even before that cute little Unarin rose to power, I was there. During the Age of Ignorance, before he uplifted our people from their warring tribalism, I was there."

He momentarily becomes swallowed by nostalgia. And bitterness.

"When the Sentinels attacked... I was there."

[The Sentinels.] Vulpanix mentally whispers. [Of course. You lived through that whole era.]

"_Survived_ is more like it." Goldis answers. "Mmm, yes. Wish that I hadn't. Too much death. Too much suffering. And now I have lived long enough to see a second Calamity befall our people. To go from the Seven Great Wars to Unarin's reign to... this. Some things never change."

[I've never even heard of a Volgrim retiring.] Vulpanix says respectfully. [I didn't know it was possible.]

"Oh, certainly, before the Plague, anyone could leave their post on a permanent basis, if they so desired. But none wanted to! None except me..." Goldis explains. "When you've seen the horrors I have... it takes a toll on the psyche."

[Then why did you come out of retirement?] Vulpanix asks. [Why not... stay?]

"Because." Goldis says simply, looking into her eyes. "I am Volgrim. I have a Duty. My life is not mine, but my people's. My desires come second to the welfare of our great Empire. My Calling goes beyond my personal weakness, requiring that in times of great need, I must rise to the task."

He raises the medical device in his grasp and presses it against Vulpanix's neck. Her eyes twitch as an odd feeling spreads from her neck to the rest of her body, like a breath of cool air on a hot summer's day. After a moment, Goldis retracts the device and smiles kindly, like an old grandfather.

"And there we go. Now you need only wait a short period and your psionic abilities will partially return."

Vulpanix blinks her heavy eyelids.

[I... have one question, psio-specialist Goldis.]

"Mmm, yes. Go on." The old Volgrim says.

Vulpanis flops her head to the side to look at him.

[Are you... a Celestial Designer?]

Goldis chuckles. "A fancy title. Meaningless, in my eyes. But yes, I am considered one of their remnants."

[I see...] Vulpanix says quietly. [So, regarding Psymin Miralax...]

"A close friend of mine." Goldis answers. "But... she is not dead, and that is all that matters. You must not blame yourself too harshly for what happened, young one. All have erred. Many live to see the fruits of their failures."

The old Volgrim sighs heavily.

"And compared to my failures, yours are... truly too insignificant to speak of."

[Your failures?] Vulpanix asks. [Meaning?]

"Is it not obvious?" Goldis asks, while dismissively waving his tentacles. "I helped create the Sentinels. I was... responsible for the deaths of trillions of our people."

"Yes... trillions of them..." Goldis says, more quietly than before. "So very, very many people. All dead because of young, arrogant fools like me."

He gazes emptily at the wall, not particularly paying attention to Vulpanix's presence beside him.

"Oh, if only it had been me captured by that Wordsmith instead of my dear Psymin. She's already suffered enough."

Vulpanix closes her eyes.

[I am sorry. I will do better, moving forward.]

Goldis nods.

"That's the best anyone can do, in this aged one's opinion."