Part 479: A Secret Meeting (Part 1 of 2)

A day after the events that resulted in Mephisto's defeat, on the world of Numaria, where the Hell of Punishment resides...

A host of high-ranking demons wander about in a luxurious treetop building constructed in Numaria's vast jungles. Their attitudes mild, and their thoughts unfocused, they chat with one another leisurely. Notably, not a single demon aligned with humanity's interests is present, including Belial, Kiari, or the other high ranking elites that have begun to arise. For some reason, this even includes the assorted members of the Hell of Lust, who previously planted their flags firmly in Jason Hiro's camp.

No, this meeting is only for those who must 'reluctantly' align themselves with humanity's interests in an esoteric manner, such as through the usage of the Belial Boosters. And even more interestingly, not a single demon of a lower rank has been invited today, only the Emperors and Dukes.

Despite the calm expressions of the attendees, many of them harbor suspicions. Emperor Kristoff frowns as he examines the demons present. As the last surviving Emperor of the Hell of Blood, only he and a small handful of Dukes have come. But thanks to his recent announcement to merge the Hell of Blood with the Hell of Punishment, he has recently become more entrenched in chasing Emperor Auger's desires.

_Strange._ Kristoff thinks. _Yardrat isn't here. He must be conversing with Auger. Nobody invited Beelzebub either, since he seems to be on the Wordsmith's side. The First Hell has no more elites left. Fae is here, along with Dagon and Nymph. Gorn seems to still be in isolation, but Serena has shown up, along with Emperor Crow._

Kristoff looks for Crow's trusted subordinate, Duke Raven, but doesn't see her. He also doesn't see a single monster from any of the Hells, including the Orc Ancients.

_So this event is demon-only._ Kristoff thinks, while picking up a golden goblet from a nearby serving tray. Inside its confines, some stale human blood rests. Kristoff sips the plasma, his expression turning sour at its taste. _We haven't been able to wring any decent blood from humanity since the Wordsmith took over. All we have now are what remains of my Hell's reserves. I could go for some Virgin Female blood right about now._

To Kristoff, this old blood tastes much like old milk might to a human. Still edible, but it sticks to his throat and doesn't have the fresh taste he craves. If he were a lower-ranking vampire, he would need to consume blood to survive, but as an Emperor, he can live for the rest of eternity without doing so.

Though, in fairness, he still craves its taste due to his own personal preferences.

As Kristoff looks around the room, he finds a curious pair of figures standing off to the side, talking with one another.

Emperors Melody and Bael.

Bael, still in Ose's body, now sports an oddly-advanced looking belt of some sort, a belt that looks somewhat demonic in nature, yet also features a suspiciously technologically-advanced edge to its appearance. Kristoff only looks at the belt for a moment, but the impression he receives is one of slight confusion.

_Where did Bael obtain such a fancy-looking belt?_ Kristoff idly wonders, before his thoughts shift to other things.

Bael and Melody talk quietly. While in the past, Melody has always been a somewhat 'loud and proud' woman, someone always ready for a laugh, she now lacks spirit in her eyes. Her overall countenance is gloomy, most especially due to the fact that her entire Hell was ravaged and devoured by the Plague.

No longer do Emperors Shax, Murmur, Viola, or Guura walk the mortal coil.

Melody now finds herself lost and alone, her friends never again able to comfort her. No longer can she laugh with them, share her feelings, or talk about the simple mundanities of life.

At the same time, Bael also finds himself in a similar situation.

Bael's friends have all died, gone on the run, or changed in drastic ways.

Satan, dead.

Shax, dead.

Agares, dead.

Mephisto, dead.

Diablo, comatose.

Barbatos, comatose and his body enslaved by an Archangel.

Beelzebub... perhaps not quite a friend in the first place.

As these thoughts occur to Kristoff, his own mood dims considerably.

_They've lost so many long-time friends, but am I any different? Wolfram and Lupus are gone. My wife is dead. My Hell is in ruins._

His frown turns into a momentary scowl of rage.

_It's all because of that devil-damned Wordsmith. Everything was going FINE until he woke up! For the last six years, demonkind has suffered one defeat after another. It can't keep going on like this!_

Kristoff inhales. He releases that breath and smooths out his expression, then walks toward Bael and Melody.

"...of existing, you know?" Melody says to Bael as Kristoff walks over. "Going through the motions. I don't know. Everyone else seems so motivated, but I don't know what to do with myself."

Bael nods. "I know what'cha mean, sister. I've been kinda keeping myself busy for the last week running Ose's errands, but she just keeps naggin' me. Won't shut up, the annoying broad. And things are all whack now that I'm stuck in her body-"

"Wait, you said you've been talking to Ose?" Melody asks in confusion. "Isn't Ose dead??"

Bael nods. "Yeah. She's dead."

He pauses.

"But she's also alive! Yup, right up here, in my noggin. I can see her when she's awake. Trust me, it's awful. Dumb broad never knows when to shut her yap."

Melody blinks twice.

"Are you sure you're not... hallucinating? Maybe you miss her more than you think?"

Bael shrugs.

"Maybe! I saw Satan recently too! And Shax! Yep, me and Shax were jamming out and having fun, but then he disappeared. Hm. You think I might be going crazy or something?"

Melody's eyes soften as she 'realizes' the 'truth' about poor Bael's 'hallucinations.' "It's been hard for you, Bael. I'll try to hang out with you more often. I wouldn't want you spiraling into a depression or anything..."

At that moment, Kristoff walks over to them.

"Bael. Melody. How are you two doing?"

Melody, realizing Kristoff must have heard poor Bael's sad story of hallucinating his friends back to life, gestures helplessly toward the goofy Emperor. "I'm doing okay, but Bael..."

"None of us are doing okay." Kristoff sighs, his heart heavy. "None of this is okay. Ever since the fucking Wordsmith woke up, things have been going downhill for all of demonkind."

"Yeah. Well, that's not strictly true." Melody says. "The lower ranks have been enjoying an easier time mutating through the ranks."

Kristoff snorts. "Is that what you think? That the 'Belial Booster' is a good deal for our lessers? Don't kid yourself. That Wordsmith is one crafty son of an angel. He's been systematically tearing our species apart."

Kristoff leans toward Melody and raises his eyebrows.

"Or do you think it's a 'coincidence' the Plague came to your world right after all the humans disappeared?"

Melody's forced smile disappears.

"You think Jason Hiro did something to draw the Plague to Sharmur?"

"I can't say for certain." Kristoff admits. "But that's the beauty of plausible deniability. As long as he plays dumb, we'll never be able to prove anything. You know just as well as I do how these humans work. They always lie to try and make our people fight one another."

Melody falls silent for a moment as she thinks of her long, storied history as an Emperor of one of the Seven Hells.

Countless times, a human King or Pharaoh or some other figure would sneakily craft a narrative to make the demons fight one another. These ploys were always uncovered eventually, but countless casualties came as a result of false intelligence and deceptive reports.

"Damn. I thought there must be something suspicious about the attack on Sharmur." Melody mumbles ruefully. "I just didn't think... tsk. To think I lost Viola and Guura because of some half-wit Hero bastard."

Bael scratches his head. "I dunno. It could be a coincidence. Ya know? That Hero doesn't seem like such a bad guy."

"Bael. He literally killed you." Kristoff says pointedly.

"So?" Bael says with a shrug. "The dude was pissed. We DID just kill his little girl. Wouldn't you be pretty angry too?"

Kristoff sighs. "Sometimes, I envy your easygoing nature. Nothing ever seems to faze you."

Melody clears her throat. "By the way, what's going on with this meeting? Why did Auger call together us demon leaders? And why all the secrecy?"

"I have no idea." Kristoff says. "He didn't tell me anything."

"He didn't? But aren't the two of you pretty tight now? You're even uniting your Hells..."

"We are." Kristoff says. "And yet Auger kept his lips sealed. Maybe he doesn't yet trust me enough to leak his intentions before hand."

Bael sobers up his expression. "You'd better watch out, Kristoff. There can't be any trust if you two won't be honest with each other. Auger ain't exactly the most rule-following guy I know, either."

"It doesn't really matter to me anymore." Kristoff says, his tone turning morose. "I don't have any energy left for much of anything. Not with Fenrir gone. If Auger is going to pull some stunt... then he'll succeed. I can't bring myself to care."

Bael pats Kristoff's shoulder. The two of them share weak smiles filled with sadness.

The trio have lost so many people that they've become somewhat numb to the pains the universe continues to inflict upon them.

As they continue talking, another demoness approaches, someone who proceeds to shout excitedly.

"Bael!! Buddy, you're back! Hahaha! Haven't seen you in days, big man!"

Bael turns to the newcomer. "Oh. 'Sup, Fae?"

Emperor Fae slaps Bael's back. Then she frowns.

"Wait. Should I be calling you 'big man' still? Or are you a woman now that you're in Ose's body?"

"Haven't given it much thought." Bael says, before tears begin to well up in his eyes. "But... now that I don't got Little Bael around no more..."

"No ding-dong, huh?" Fae murmurs, her tone vaguely thoughtful. "Guess you are a bit more of a girl than a guy now. I'll just keep calling you Big Guy. But maybe sometimes I'll say Big Girl! That sounds like fun!"

Bael wipes away his tears. "Being a chick ain't bad. Lots of fellas wanna hang out with me now. They get weirdly touchy, though. Dunno why."

"Do they play grab-ass?" Fae asks, her eyes narrowing to slits. "You gotta watch out for that. If any guy acts too friendly, just shove a bomb in his mouth! **BOOM!** That's how I make all those annoying dickheads shut up for good! Bahahaha!"

"I can't make bombs though." Bael points out.

"Mmm. Mmm." Fae nods. "Don't worry, bro! I'll help a sister out! Gimme a week and I'll make ya some porta-bombs! Then you can blow 'em up!"

Bael smiles. "Sick."

The four demons continue talking for a while, until eventually, a magical portal opens in the center of the wooded chamber. Amidst the glowing green lights, a handsome Demon Emperor, Yardrat, steps out and looks around.

"Oh?" Kristoff mutters. "Yardrat's here. Must be time to start."

However, contrary to Kristoff's expectations, Yardrat doesn't make any announcements. He instead turns his attention to one of the guests standing off to the side.

"Crow. A moment."

Emperor Crow blinks in surprise. She nods, then follows Yardrat back through his portal before he eventually closes it.

Many invisible question marks pop up over the heads of the demons present.

"So much secrecy." Kristoff says. "Even for Auger, this is a little out of character."

"Yeah. It is pretty strange..." Melody acknowledges.

They return to their previous conversation for another thirty or so minutes.

Eventually, the portal reopens, and Emperor Crow steps out, followed by Yardrat. This time though, Emperor Auger steps onto the platform, his aged and wizened appearance giving him the air of a decrepit old bastard, not unlike Duke Agares in his twilight years.

"Everyone." Yardrat says, raising his hands to grab the attention of all the demon elites. "I apologize for the hush-hush nature of today's meeting. Emperor Auger has several important matters he wishes to speak to all of you about, and we wished to keep these talks private. It would be best if none of you informed the Wordsmiths of what we're soon to discuss."

Kristoff's gaze turns solemn, as do those of the other Emperors and Dukes. The crowd draws closer to make sure they hear every word which will be spoken.

"What is this all about?" Emperor Serena asks. "Why did you call Crow into a secret discussion, but not me?"

Yardrat looks at the blind demoness. Then he looks away.

"I'm sure everyone here has heard about the happenings in the Labyrinth yesterday. You should all be aware of the cataclysmic explosion caused by Emperor Mephisto's demise. He was slain by the Wordsmith's soldiers."

Yardrat pauses for dramatic effect.

"At least, that was originally the prevailing belief. However, as of five hours ago, we have tentatively confirmed a soul resonance identical to Mephisto's still exists, proving that he did not die. He is very much alive."

Gasps escape the mouths of only a few demons. The longest lived elites merely nod, not feeling particularly surprised a Necromancer might have cheated death.

"Your proof?" Serena asks.

Yardrat purses his lips. He reaches into the folds of his robes to withdraw a marble-sized Soul Orb.

"We used a Seeing Stone to confirm. Not only is Mephisto alive... but we believe he is here, on the world of Numaria."

"What?" Melody asks. "Here? Why would he be here?"

Several long seconds pass. Yardrat's expression falls.

"We believe... Mephisto planned out his 'death.' He is pursuing the path of Ascension. He intends to break the limits of a Demon Emperor."

"Gah?!" Emperor Dagon gasps. "But that's impossible! Countless Emperors have tried! Emperor Gorn alone, how many souls has he devoured in his quest to attain the legendary rank of Demon Deity?! If it were possible, he should have done so by now!"

Dagon's incredulity contrasts with Serena's quiet acceptance.

"That logic once made sense, given our past understanding of the demonic limits." Serena says. "Until the battle against the Cherubiim confirmed there is a way to breach the Cosmic Limit. It is, in fact, possible for demons to ascend further. Wolfram proved that the rank of Demon Deity can be achieved."

"Yes," Dagon affirms, "but that happened because of a life and death situation. You forcibly broke Wolfram's limiter, and he only managed to endure for a single hour before he ultimately perished. His body and soul fell to ash!"

The casual mention of Wolfram's death sours Kristoff's mood, but he maintains a neutral expression. "Has Mephisto successfully ascended?"

This time, it is Emperor Auger himself who steps into the limelight.

"No. He is in the process of doing so. He may ultimately fail. But I warn you all... Mephisto is not a fool. He is a skulker. He is a backstabber. He is an opportunist... but he is not a rash decision-maker. Mephisto could have fled indefinitely by hiding his soul signature from the Wordsmith, yet he did not. Why do you suppose that is?"

"Because he must have had some assurances he would succeed." Emperor Nymph says.

"Precisely. Looking back, it seems obvious this must have been his goal all along. My spies tell me the Wordsmith sneaked Monster King Kar's soul off to an unknown location to try and revive him. His soul was completely drained of energy when Monster Queen Blinker retrieved it. Mephisto drained the energy and used the remnants of that useless soul as a commodity to trade for the power of the Sphinx."

Auger continues. "Furthermore, Mephisto went to great lengths to preserve the lives of the Emperors and Dukes working underneath him. He rescued their souls, which implies he has some use for their power..."

Auger pauses. He sighs.

"If I had to guess... Mephisto has uncovered proof of something I have long suspected. The path to Demon Deity is not one you can unlock via a vast quantity of souls. Perhaps, what a demon requires to ascend... is quality."

The expressions on the faces of the other demons turn to worry as they realize the implications.

"He's going to devour Yama's soul? And Zamiel, Lupus...?" Dagon half-asks, half-guesses.

Emperor Serena frowns. "If it were that simple, he would have simply done it. All of us could have done so. I'm certain the more... voracious of us... have considered such an option. Some may have even tried."

A brief pause follows.

This time, it's Bael who speaks up.

"Demons can't just eat other demons." Bael says quietly. "I only know one who did, who succeeded."

He pauses.

"Gressil."

The room's atmosphere drops a few degrees. Several demons shift uncomfortably.

"Didn't work out so good for him." Bael continues, his voice quiet. "He ate his mother, Lucifer. Then she grew out of him as a second head. Now he's a freak. A psycho who hurts others for fun."

Bael speaks not only to remind the demons present of the past they must never forget, but also to inform the younger demons who have recently ascended about the past they might not have been alive to witness.

His warning does not go unheeded.

"Indeed." Auger says softly. "That is why I regret to inform you that... there was an option all of us overlooked. The power of multiple Emperors cannot be combined easily... but it seems it is theoretically possible."

He gestures to the west.

"Mephisto is hiding here on Numaria. I not only know where he is, but I even know his exact location. We cannot afford to let his rise succeed. We have to kill him quickly."

"Mephisto is our enemy." Yardrat adds. "He became our enemy when we didn't step in to assist him when the Wordsmith's forces encircled him. By remaining silent, we've painted a target on our backs. If Mephisto succeeds in ascending, he will not spare us his wrath. We've already seen the terrifying power a Demon Deity can unleash... but unlike the humans, we do not have a Cherubiim ally. I doubt the Archangel would be amenable to protecting us."

Bael snorts. "I bet that pigeon would be happy if we bit the dust."

"So what's the issue?" Melody asks. "You know where Mephisto is hiding. If we rush in there, we should be able to kill him easily! He just lost his body. He's only a soul now! He's at his weakest."

"Indeed..." Yardrat says slowly. "But there is a... complication. The place where he resides is..."

Yardrat pauses.

"...The Stitched Wasteland."

With that declaration, the air sucks out of the room. Several demons lose some of the color in their skin.

"Oh." Melody says, lowering her head.

Seeing the expressions of fear and disgust, along with the immediate lack of enthusiasm, Auger nods softly.

"I have tried to keep an eye on Glinch's movements, over the years. But the Stitched Emperor is not someone I can control. He is a freak like Gressil. An aberration. And now I believe you should all understand the missing piece to the puzzle."

He sighs.

"Glinch is going to 'stitch' all of those Emperor souls together. Through his unique magic, he will combine Mephisto, Yama, and the rest into some sort of hybrid creature, potentially elevating Mephisto to the next echelon of power."

Melody's complexion improves. "But then, isn't that fine? We've all seen what Glinch can do, or rather, what he _can't_. His creations are unstable and imperfect. If you seriously expect me to believe he has the recipe for turning demons into Deities, I think you're getting a little on in the years, old man."

"Again...." Auger says slowly. "If you are skeptical, why would Mephisto not be? Do you think he is a fool?"

Some of the demons become contemplative. They look at one another questioningly, uncertain what would motivate Mephisto to go along with such a crazy plan.

_Surely, he would not be so idiotic as to follow a fool's errand._

Serena's sightless eyes flicker with realization.

"The Sphinx... it was not a casual benefit he obtained." She says. "It was one of, if not his greatest motivation for allowing the human forces to attack him. Perhaps that is even one of the reasons he agreed to battle Monster King Kar during Stormbringer. He hoped to obtain the Sphinx's magic for himself."

"All distinct possibilities. I am glad we are of the same mind." Auger acknowledges. "Something about the Sphinx's unique properties might make it the ideal material for an ascension to Deity. In that case, none of us here can hope to ascend, ourselves."

Some of the Emperors look pleased about this information, realizing it means their fellow Emperors won't have any reason to attack them and suck out their souls. Others appear disappointed, as this also means the path to Deity may still be unobtainable to them.

"So what you're saying is, we need to kill Mephisto now, before he ascends, but the risks will be great." Kristoff posits. "If so, then count me in. Mephisto still has Lupus's soul. Maybe I can save her existence."

"I've got nothing better to do." Melody says. "I'm in."

Bael scratches his head. "I'm kinda bored. Guess I'll see if I can help."

Several demons direct skeptical glances his way.

"Bael, will you be alright?" Melody asks. "I mean, you don't have any magic, right? And you're not the same super tough guy you were before, so... you could die."

"It would be a shame if Mephisto obtained your soul." Kristoff adds.

"I should be fine." Bael says, directing a sly smirk toward the other Emperors. "I've been chatting with Ose. She gave me all sorts of neat toys ta' play with. Who knows? Maybe I can still kick ass."

Serena blinks. "Ose? She's alive?"

Kristoff winces. He shimmies over to Serena and whispers something in her ear, making her expression turn downcast.

"How tragic. He even hallucinated Satan and Shax?"

"Mmm." Kristoff whispers. "I don't have the heart to tell him. Poor guy... I worry he might be going off the deep end."

"Bael may have once been physically impervious, but his psyche never was." Serena says, smiling kindly at Kristoff. "Take good care of him, Kristoff. He needs a friend in trying times like these."

Kristoff nods. "We'll lean on each other."

After Kristoff clears up the 'misunderstanding,' the other demons continue to chime in.

"I never did like that necromancer." Dagon says. "Even when I was a Duke, he always gave me the creeps. I look forward to burying him."

Each Emperor nods their assent. However, one individual does not.

"We should ask the Wordsmith for help." Serena says. "Mephisto is too dangerous for us to underestimate. If all of this is true, and if our assumptions are correct, then we might be blundering into another trap."

"There's only one problem with that line of thinking." Yardrat counters. "If Mephisto succeeds in becoming a Demon Deity, he will threaten all of humanity. The Archangel, and the Wordsmiths, will surely take action. But what if we can snuff out his life before he Ascends? If the Wordsmith assists us, don't you think he would want to take back that Sphinx power for Monster King Kar?"

The eyes of the other demons flicker with greed. They suddenly realize that this mission might not be as much about 'altruism' and 'self-preservation' as Auger let on.

"If we were to take the Sphinx's power, perhaps one of us could Ascend." Dagon says slowly, as he begins to side-eye the other Emperors.

"Or all of us." Auger says, interrupting Dagon before he can continue. "It may be within the realm of possibility."

"But what if it isn't?" Melody asks, her eyes narrowing to slits. "_Who_, then, gets to 'hold' the Sphinx's magic? _You_, Auger?"

Auger continues to smile blandly, as if he has no idea what she could be implying.

"We should wait and see if we even need to cross that bridge, Melody-dearest. After all, you should not forget that our species faces a potential extinction event. Focusing on the bigger picture should become our top priority. Perhaps it is time we elevated a leader capable of guiding us through this crisis."

"What about the First Emperor?" Melody asks.

Auger's smile widens, ever so slightly.

"What _about_ him?"