Part 171: The Neverending Cycle

In the realm of the Ancient Titans, at the High Court of the Allmother, several hundred former Titan Kings and Queens sit at a table laden with a magnificent spread of scrumptious food. Every form of culinary delight lines their dishes, ranging from seafood to beef to vegetarian delights as well.

And, at the end of the several-thousand-foot-long table, a single Titan Queen, only fifty-feet-tall, stands atop it while hanging her head in shame. Her fellow Titans tower over her like mountains above boulders. Their expressions range from pity and empathy to scorn and disgust.

Queen Odin, the Allmother, mightiest of her people, sits at the head of the table. She takes a sip of wine, sloshes it around in her cup for a moment, then places it on the table. After crossing her arms, she sighs.

"Ivaldi, the so-called Queen of Divinity. We gave you a most fortuitous chance to elevate yourself two hundred positions. You were to take Hrothgar's seat at the High Table, a spot he has shown no interest in, nor has he so much as sat in for a dozen generations. Now, please, my beloved god-daughter, tell me why you have claimed no victories in your return to the mortal realm. Explain to your fellow clansmen why you have disgraced our names."

Murmurs spread around the table. Several Titans whisper to one another about the battles they saw.

"Perhaps Ivaldi was too weak to handle that terrible fiend from the Primordial Era."

"Bah. She is, of course, the lowest-seated among us. Had we known such a mighty beast was to appear, we might have jumped at the chance to fight it."

"I'd have given up a few positions to fight such a blood-stirring battle. Alas! The Queen of Divinity was no match for such a terrifying monster."

Having witnessed Ivaldi's exploits for themselves, many of the Titans present brag amongst themselves about how easily they would have felled the Great Demon. However, none of them step up to defend her.

Ivaldi hangs her head in shame. "I failed, Allmother. I attempted to slay the Hydra, but the Plaguebringer, the Archangel of Creation, Uzziel, defeated it first. When I directed my vengeance toward her, she crushed me. I should like to point out that one of Hrothgar's descendants, a young Titan named Hercules, was manipulating Uzziel behind the scenes. I know not how he overpowered her soul, given her status as an Archangel, but he succeeded."

The murmuring around the table falls silent for a moment.

Several Titans shoot looks of disdain at one another.

"Hrothgar's line now includes a soul manipulator?"

"Hmph. I'd sooner die of embarrassment than suffer such an indignity from my progeny. Who knew his kin would fall so far as to walk Morva's decrepit path?"

Odin raises her hand. "Quiet. Ivaldi, I understand your inability to defeat the Great Demon, since its might exceeded most of the Titans seated at this table. However, my issue lies with your embarrassing loss to the Plaguebringer. As everyone here knows, my firstborn fell to the Earthmother's violent fury. I could understand a close loss, but from what I understand, her magical power has fallen from its once-lofty heights, and yet you barely put up a fight. Have you no shame?"

Ivaldi clenches her fists. The once-imposing aura of the Divine Queen loses its luster under Odin's wrathful gaze. "I make no excuses for my failure. I, too, assumed Uzziel would be as weak as her brethren, but I did not realize she was capable of pulling mana from the essence of nature. It seems that Hercules was somehow able to tap into her primordial powers to defeat me. My lack of vigilance caused my defeat."

Odin furrows her brow. "Hm. Indeed. More importantly, I noticed that you used your Binding Arts to merge with two of Hrothgar's Descendants. Why have I heard nothing of this technique from you in the past? Such a deadly kill move might have aided us greatly during the Third War."

Ivaldi straightens her stance. She shifts her arms behind her back and clasps her hands together. "Ah, regarding my Binding Arts, I only created them out of boredom after I arrived in Valhalla. I used my knowledge of the Cherubiim, Seraphiim, and Ophaniim to create a technique that merges multiple Titans into one entity. Sadly, its efficiency and power level is far lower than what the Archangels can unleash. I consider my performance unworthy."

"Nonsense," Odin mutters. She waves her hand flippantly, dismissing Ivaldi's concerns. "Even with its limited power, it could have provided us with a much-needed boost in fighting capability during the ancient wars. You may have utterly failed in defeating three legendary opponents, but I must admire your inventiveness in the ways of combat. You did not waver and unleashed every tool in your arsenal without holding back. From where I stand, your foolishness and naivete come second to your ingenuity and creativity."

The Ancestor's Hall falls silent as several Titans stare at Odin with looks of incredulity.

_The Allmother is actually praising Ivaldi after her shameful performance? Never in a million years did I expect such a bizarre twist of fate to occur before my eyes!_

_Gods! How could Odin gaze upon Ivaldi with anything but scorn? Having that diminutive daughter in my presence sickens me. The Allmother's compassion seems to have grown over the last few eons._

Odin pushes around a piece of chicken on her plate. An absent-minded look appears in her eyes as she stares at the table for a moment.

"How strange, though, that the Archangels and the remaining descendants of Hrothgar's line all chose to seal away their memories. Why did I hear nothing of this revelation?"

A Titan King sitting beside Odin at her right, clears his throat.

"Ahm, ah, Allmother, it's like this, you see..."

He presses his fingers to his temple and sends a telepathic message to her.

Several seconds pass. Odin says nothing as she receives her advisor's message. Eventually, she nods.

"Ah, thank you, Hyperion. I see. So we've known for a long time, but it slipped my mind. The state of the outside universe has remained outside my interest for a very, very long time. I suppose my only concern would be whether we will need to worry about these 'demons' finding a way to attack Valhalla or not. Have they any means of entering our realm?"

Ivaldi bows her head. "With all due respect, Allmother, I possess limited knowledge of the demons. While the Great Demon was a terrifying deity, it seemed he was an aberrant among his people. The others were like gnats compared to his godlike existence. I would not worry about them."

"We've underestimated these children of the Plaguebringer once already. I won't have another incident unfold a second time. Hyperion, how goes Helios's experiments? Has he uncovered a method for reviving our bodies? Has he found even a hint?"

Hyperion shakes his head. "Nothing so far, my queen."

"Ah, how unfortunate. Returning to the mortal realm may prove impossible."

With a shrug of her shoulders, Odin waves her hand at Ivaldi. "For your performance in the mortal realm, I will promote you fifty positions. That is all."

Ivaldi stiffens. She stares at the Allmother with a mixture of surprise and reverence. "F-fifty positions?! Queen Odin, I am unworthy! I failed in my quest! I was unable to defeat even a single enemy during my return to the mortal realm! Your generosity might be boundless, but I-"

"Quiet."

Odin's expression darkens.

"Know your place. I do not hand out rewards flippantly. Have you forgotten? Hrothgar's descendant sent us a request. His appeal was 'to save the Titans from the demonic calamity.' Killing the Hydra was only a secondary objective. You created a portal out of Heaven and saved many Titans from the Devil's final cowardly act of self-destruction. Additionally, you unleashed a new power, one which might prove useful to our people if we ever return to the mortal realm. For your achievements, I am awarding you a small promotion among this table's ranks."

Odin continues. "Beyond that, you gave Zeus a chance to redeem his cowardice by teaming up to battle the Great Demon. He did not flinch from his duty, and thus, you have partially redeemed his weakness. It remains his responsibility to carry on into the future if he wishes to reobtain a spot at the High Table. With any luck, he might take your former seat at the _end_ of the table."

Odin chuckles.

"Hah. Oh, what great entertainment we've enjoyed over the last twenty-four hours. I look forward to witnessing the antics these demons unleash upon the mortal realm, as well as how Hrothgar's descendants will deal with them. Hyperion, how many Titans remain alive after the war against the Great Demon?"

Hyperion strokes his long, luscious black hair. "I believe the exact number was forty-two, my queen."

"Hmph. If the living Titans can bring themselves back from extinction, I will laud them."

After a moment, Odin leans back in her chair and gestures to Ivaldi. "Go on, then. Take your seat. My judgment is over."

Ivaldi smiles. She kowtows to the Allmother and nods profusely. "Yes, Queen Odin. Your graciousness knows no limits. I will consider myself in your debt until the day I... die? Well, I suppose a second death might be possible... haha..."

Odin rolls her eyes. "That would defeat the point of Valhalla, little one."

---

Satan, Belial, Lucifer, and Bael all trudge through a dense forest several miles from Mount Sinai. Their feet snap twigs as they walk, and their eyes gaze upon the desiccated remains of a once-beautiful jungle that previously hid their movements from their angelic oppressors.

"Something ain't right," Satan says. His eyes flick from left to right as he and the other demons slowly make their way through the forest.

"Mmm," Lucifer mutters. "My third eye is picking up strange mana fluctuations in the air. They appear... foreign."

Behind the three Emperors and Bael, fifty thousand demons stomp along, ignorant of the danger ahead. Orcs and goblins intermingle with various demon grunts, lords, and even a baron or two.

Meanwhile, at Lucifer's side, a single Hellhound matches its pace to hers. Diablo's comatose body rests atop the fifty-eyed beast's back. He sways from side to side as the monster takes slow, plodding steps.

Bael smirks. "Whaddya scared of, eh? I'm here. I'll knock out anyone in our way."

Satan nods. "I'm sure you will. However-"

"Satan! Satan!"

A voice up ahead startles the demons, causing them to slow to a halt. Satan frowns as a Lord stumbles toward him.

"Orias? What's wrong?"

The haggard-looking Lord of the Moon falls forward and lands in Satan's outstretched arms. His body, still weakened from expending so much power against the Valkyries earlier in the day, trembles and shudders as he struggles to hold himself up.

"Oh, devils! It's terrible! Terrible! The broodmothers! They're dead! Some horrible monster is ripping them apart! I barely escaped with my life!"

Immediately, Satan's cautious attitude turns to alarm. "What?! Someone's killing the Broodmothers?! What sick spawn of a- Belial! Bael! Lucy! Come with me! We've gotta stop them!"

The other two Emperors and Bael nod along with Satan's words. "Right!"

They skip the formalities. Satan gestures to the demons behind him. "Come on! We can't let a few angel infiltrators take out the Broodmothers! They're our key to winning this war, dammit!"

Orias opens his mouth to say something, but the words don't come out in time. Before he manages to say, "The intruder isn't an angel! It's-" he's too late. Satan and the others rush past him, their battle instincts kindled and roaring to go.

"W-wait, stop..." Orias coughs. "The monster is too dangerous... it kills without mercy..."

Orias staggers after the others, but his speed is nowhere near capable enough to keep up with them. He slumps to the ground in defeat and sighs as the horde of demons, orcs, and goblins head toward their base, ready to kill whoever is threatening their survival.

"I hope Satan can defeat that damned fiend..."

---

**[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FMex4f8cwEY)**

Satan and Belial split apart from Bael and Lucifer. They group into two teams and summon half of their warriors to check on the various hatcheries and spawning rooms.

What they find is a stomach-churning disaster.

"Oh, no!" Belial gasps.

She splits off from Satan and heads over to an alcove where the body of a formerly-plump Broodmother lays lifelessly on the dirt. A giant hole in her chest reveals she perished in a single blow, unable to defend herself.

"Who did this?! Who killed Haley?!"

Tears well up in Belial's eyes. As a former succubus, the Broodmother before her was once one of her beloved sisters... until Lucifer turned her into a demon-whelping invalid incapable of defending herself.

Satan scowls as his gaze falls upon one corpse after another. Dozens of broodmothers, as well as their unborn hellspawn, lay in puddles of blood and gore. The expressions of many reveal their terror, sending chills down Satan's spine.

"I never imagined Raphael would be so devious! When I get my hands on the worthless little cherub who did this..."

"EEYAAH!"

A Broodmother cries out in pain from an adjacent room. Satan and Belial's hearts leap into their throats. In the blink of an eye, both of them dash over to a burrowed-out hallway, run down a corridor, and arrive at a horrifying scene of death and destruction.

Dozens of demons lay dead around another of the Broodmother's rooms. This time, the fresh corpses send up a pungent stench in the air, causing Satan's brows to tighten.

"What the hell?! Someone killed these guys just now! It didn't take us five seconds to get here! Where'd the killer go?!"

His gaze falls upon a Broodmother at the edge of the room. A gaping hole in her chest oozes blood. With her giant rump stuck in the wall to birth children, she cannot free herself to move around or beg for help.

Belial dashes over to her and summons healing magic. "Lophi! Stay with me! You're not dead yet!"

After a few seconds, the hole in Lophi's chest heals. She raises her head and stares at Belial with a look of terror.

"A-awful! Scary! Big monster! Killed Mari! Killed Fee!"

Satan walks over to Belial's side and touches Lophi's chin. "Who did this? Who's killing the Broodmothers? Did you see them?"

The demoness shudders as memories appear in her mind. "The eyes! The horrible, glowing eyes! I couldn't run! I couldn't escape! Help me get out! I don't wanna die!!"

She breaks down into uncontrollable sobbing. Belial tries to comfort her, but after a few moments, she turns to glare icy daggers at Satan.

"Glowing eyes. _Hercules._ He must be the one attacking us. That's how our Grunts and Lords are dying, even in these cramped-"

"Guwahk!!"

Several squishy sounds like balloons bursting with blood pop outside the room, startling both Emperors. A quick clattering of fists and bone echoes in the hallways, but before Satan and Belial can take two steps toward the doorway, the noises cease.

Both of the Emperors arrive at the scene to find fifty dead demons and orcs lying in heaps and piles. With their necks snapped and their heads crushed, their appearances send rage washing through both Emperor's hearts.

"Hercules!!" Satan bellows. "You damned coward! Show yourself! Where are you?!"

Satan's angry cry echoes down the hallway ahead, but after several seconds, he only receives silence as a reply.

Belial presses against Satan's side. Her eyes flick from left to right as she scans the nearby area for threats. "I don't like this. We need to rescue as many Broodmothers as we can and leave."

"How?" Satan asks. "They're too big to move."

"I... I don't know..." Belial whispers. She steps away from Satan and presses her back to the wall. "All I know is- shit!"

Before Satan can react, Belial leaps toward him and transforms her fists into bone-hammers.

_CRACK!_

A deafening explosion rings out as her fists collide with someone else's. A previously unseen assassin tries to take out Satan in one blow, but Belial foils him, making him leap backward and land in a crouch.

Satan and Belial quickly turn to face their mysterious enemy. A moment later, the Devil hesitates as confusion appears in his gaze.

"What the fuck? That ain't Hercules. That's a human, right? He looks different from the others I've seen, though."

A dark-skinned, muscular man, crouches in a defensive stance ten feet away. His glowing eyes fixate on Satan and Belial as he waits for an opportunity to strike. His eyes glow far brighter than the torches on the wall.

"Demon Emperors. We finally meet."

Satan purses his lips. "Did Hercules send you?"

"Hercules died," The man replies. His lips curl into a faint smile. "I serve a new master now. We all do."

Footsteps.

Satan turns around to gaze into the shadows behind himself. Five pairs of glowing eyes stand apart from each other as five humans become faintly visible.

"We serve the Illuminator, the one who will deliver us from darkness," The first human says. "Before, we were helpless, but now, we have the power to fight back."

Satan smirks. "Hah. And here I was, gettin' all _fidgety_. A buncha possessed humans ain't no match for me. Better leave now, punks, before you get _burned_."

Belial clenches her jaw. "S-Satan... just now, when my fist collided with his... his strength was far beyond the ordinary. Don't look down on them. There's... there's something about these people that unnerves me..."

Satan's smugness dissipates. He eyes his girl for a moment as several thoughts enter his mind.

_Belial might be the strongest demon I know. If she thinks these punks are tough guys, then I'd better not take 'em lightly._

The Devil straightens his posture. He presses his palms together and licks his lips.

"You think you can come into _my_ home and kill _my_ girls? You're in for a wake-up call, chums."

The first human's grin expands across his whole face. "We know how strong you are, Satan. We've prepared many counters for you. The Illuminator knows all your weaknesses."

_Swish!_

Five demi-humans leap at Satan and Belial from the back, while the other one charges them from the front.

Both Emperors put their backs together. Belial transforms her arms into blade-tendrils and lunges toward her enemies at twice the speed of sound.

_Cling-cling-clang!_

Her razor-sharp bones slash at the demi-humans with the rage of a hurricane and the power of a tornado. To her astonishment, the humans manage to keep up with her speed and power. They use their bare hands to swat and bat aside her blades, while also delivering brutal punches to her face and chest.

_Thunk-thunk!_

Several fists collide with Belial's chiseled abs, only to bounce off an invisible barrier created by Satan's Vectors. The Demi-humans immediately leap backward to get out of Belial's attack range, while their leader attacks Satan from the front.

_Whiff! Whiff!_

He slashes at Satan with his fingers, but Satan counters with his Vectors and his Octopus Form as well. Ten invisible and visible limbs work together in tandem to fend off the single opponent while a few others hang back to assist Belial. However, to Satan's alarm, his speed pales in comparison to the empowered demi-human.

"Shit!"

Time after time, Satan attacks, only for his opponent to bat aside, dodge, or counter his blows with ones of equal or greater power.

The man snorts. "What's the matter, Satan? Can't keep up?"

Hades speaks from within Satan's mind. _Gods. I can't believe it! Satan, each of these humans has nearly the same strength and speed as Hercules! I don't know how that's possible!_

Sweat pours off Satan's brow. While he tries to find off his attacker, the other five demi-humans swarm Belial and resume their barrage of attacks.

"No kidding! This fucker's a lot smaller, too, so he's a lot nimbler! How're you doing back there, Belial?!"

"Terribly!" Belial howls. "There's too many! I can't fight them all off!"

"That's right; you can't," The human's leader says, a cold glint in his eye. "Once we crush your body for the first time, we'll keep mashing you to paste until you run out of souls. As for your woman, we'll spare her a slow, torturous death. We're not animals... not like _you._"

The leader of the demi-humans leaps at a nearby wall, plants his feet against it, and pounces straight at Satan's stomach. The Devil hardens his Vectors and holds them up to protect himself, but a split-second before the human's fist connects, his body disappears and reappears inches from Satan's face.

_Shit-!_

_Crunch!_

The leader of the demi-humans punches Satan so hard that the Devil flies to the right and crashes into the hardened dirt wall. Dozens of his bones crack and snap like dried-out wood, while portions of his brain explode through his various orifices.

"Kuhuk!"

Satan loses his stamina. A moment later, the human follows up with a devastating punch aimed at the back of his head.

_Splurt!_

Satan's brains explode in every direction. The human kills him without hesitation, crushing the Devil before he can react.

"Satan!!"

Belial shrieks in horror as she catches a glimpse of her beloved perishing to the human leader's attack.

Immediately, the demi-humans put all their attention on her.

The leader barks a command. "We have sixty seconds before the Devil revives. Finish her off, now."

Belial's heart turns to ice. All five of the enemies she was already fighting intensify their attacks, while their far-more-capable leader joins in as well. With six people assaulting her from every direction, not even her incredible strength and speed allow her to avoid injury.

_Thump!_

Every time Belial dodges two attacks, a third slips past and impacts her gut or chest. Several of her ribs crack, her stomach ruptures, and her heart rumbles. Belial's eyes dart from left to right.

_I have to hold out until Satan revives!_

The leader calls out as he attacks her from behind. "Only fifty-five more seconds!"

Chills spread through Belial's veins. _Only five seconds have passed?! It feels like an eternity! I can't keep this pace up!_

With so many enemies attacking her, she eventually slips up.

_FWAP!_

The leader lands a decisive punch. He smashes Belial across the back of her head and sends her flying forward. She plows into one of the other demi-humans, causing both of them to tumble and sprawl down the corridor. By the time they both land in a heap, Belial's vision begins to waver.

"Unn... nnn..."

She tries to jump to her feet, but her arms fail her. Instead, she slumps forward and lands atop the human she hit.

After blinking for a moment, she stares into the man's eyes. His gaze meets hers, and his look of hatred startles her.

"Filthy demon whore! Get off me!"

The man starts to push her off, but Belial's trembling face causes him to freeze in his tracks.

"P-please... don't... don't do this..."

She coughs out a few weak words, begging him to take pity on her.

To Belial's surprise, the human hesitates. As he gazes into her eyes, his pupils start to dilate.

"I... I didn't mean to..."

He stops just short of throwing the disgusting demoness off him, and instead, strange feelings emerge in his chest.

_Now that I look into this woman's eyes, I notice how... how beautiful she is. Why was I attacking her? What's wrong with me? How could I bring harm upon such a fair, innocent girl?_

Unwittingly, Belial releases her succubus hormones. The man's inner desires rapidly overpower his senses.

Everything happens too quickly for the demi-human's leader to put two and two together. "Hey! Forhan! Get up, already. You're not even hurt!"

His annoyance turns to anger as his subordinate pauses for a few seconds to stare at the helpless demoness lying atop him.

"Forhan! Are you listening to me?"

The demi-human's leader trudges over with his other four lackeys. He reaches down to grab Belial by the back of his head, but at that moment, Forhan leaps into action. He wraps his arms around Belial and rolls with her to the side, narrowly evading his leader's grasp. After landing atop Belial, he jumps to his feet and stands over her protectively, facing down his commander and companions.

"Stay away! She's mine! MINE! You can't have her!"

The commander blinks. "What's wrong with you? She's a bloodskin!"

"She's beautiful! She's the love of my life! I won't let you HURT HER!"

Forhan charges his former companions. All reason leaves his mind as the horrifying thought of them hurting the woman he 'loves' takes over his thoughts. He leaps at the nearest warrior and swings his fist.

_Fwump!_

Forhan's fist crashes against the other man's head, catching him by surprise. He gets battered backward and stumbles to the ground, unable to comprehend the actions of his comrade.

The leader puts two and two together. "Worthless little-! The she-devil must have bewitched Forhan! Take him out!"

A furious fight begins as the lone warrior battles his comrades. However, with his skills sorely lacking compared to his leader, as well as facing a numerical disadvantage, Forhan perishes seconds later when his leader shoves a fist through his chest and tears out his spine.

"Gah! Damned traitor! Forhan was too weak-willed! Don't fall for the bloodskin's tricks! Kill her before Satan revives!"

Belial smiles. After her unexpected savior gave her a few seconds, she used the time to heal herself. She leaps to her feet and transforms her arms into blades.

_I didn't realize I could make men do anything I wanted! I always assumed they just thought I was sexy. Maybe my succubus powers are useful after all!_

She aims her gaze at another of the human warriors. Before he can react, her entrancing stare meets his glowing eyes, causing him to shudder.

"Nnngh!"

The man staggers backward, unable to resist the sultry gaze of the demon woman before him. He, too, leaps at his comrades and attacks them before they can react.

"Dammit! You, too, Lonquo?!"

The leader of the demi-humans starts to fight off the second traitor in his ranks, but the moment he takes his eyes off Belial, she strikes.

_THUNK!_

Belial charges him and delivers a gut-busting kick straight to his spine. The leader of the demi-humans goes flying forward. He skids across the ground and strikes the far wall at the end of the corridor with a tremendous _crash_, sending shudders through the underground passages. With his spine crushed, he flops to the ground, unable to move.

"Darrol! Leader!"

The others cry out in surprise, but with their leader gone and one of their colleagues turned to Belial's side, their formation falls to pieces. Belial chops their arms off, gashes out their legs, and leaves them rolling on the floor to cry out in pain.

Once she finishes, Belial turns to her newly acquired ally. The man grins at her like a dog and mentally wags his tail. "Mistress! I fight for you! I die for you!"

Belial glances at the demi-humans before her, all of them hanging onto their lives by a thread. "Mmm. Yes, you do."

Seconds later, Satan revives. He jumps to his feet and jerks his head from left to right. "Belial?! Where are you?! Are you-... uhm... alright...?"

The Devil trails off when he spots the battered bodies of the demi-humans before her, as well as their leader at the end of the hallway.

"Wha... what happened? What'd I miss?"

Belial fans out her fingernails and bats her eyes innocently. "Oh, nothing much. I shook my honkers a couple times, and these boys tore themselves apart in a lust-filled rage. Sometimes I can't help myself."

Satan stares at her, dumbfounded. "You're kidding."

With a shrug of his shoulders, Satan turns to the defeated men at Belial's feet. He takes a step toward them. "Well, guess I'll just put the bastards out of their misery."

"What?! No!" Belial cries, as she jumps in front of them. "Satan! You can't just kill everyone you hate!"

"Why not? It's worked pretty well for me so far."

"Y-yeah, but it's wrong! It's bad! We've already beaten them, why not show them a little compassion and let them go? Let's prove we're the good guys!"

Satan frowns. "I'm not a good guy, sweetie. If you wanna be all cute and caring, do it on your own time. Or have you forgotten? These dickbags killed a bunch of your friends! They murdered and butchered our broodmothers without showing any sympathy! They deserve what I'm gonna give 'em."

Satan pushes past Belial and turns his attention on the demi-human still standing, the one Belial bewitched.

"Who's this guy? Why's he staring at me like an idiot? Don't tell me... he's braindead?"

"No. I entranced him. He works for me, now."

Satan's jaw drops. "You can DO that?!"

"Apparently."

"Dang, toots. You scare me sometimes."

Satan's light-hearted words merely conceal the anger in his heart. He turns away from Belial's thrall to face the broken bodies at his feet. 

"I can't leave these guys alive, Belial. Look away for a moment. I don't want you to see this."

Belial scowls. "Don't give me that! I've seen plenty of death, Satan. I know what it looks like. I just don't _like_ it. If we let these humans live, maybe-"

"Maybe they'll heal up, come back, and kill more demons," Satan says, interrupting her. "Or do you think they're the types to forgive and forget? I don't think so. Maybe you can beat 'em with one hand behind your back, but the rest of the demons can't. That leader guy got the jump on me pretty good. I doubt anyone else would have stood a chance against these monsters."

"Heh heh..."

One of the humans chokes out a laugh. His glowing eyes tilt toward Belial, and a smirk appears on his face.

"Keh... the Devil's right... we don't... we don't want your pity... finish us off, already. If you don't, we'll come again. You'll never know... never know the meaning of safety, so long as we live. The Illuminator never forgives, and he never forgets. He'll hunt you like the dogs you are. He'll-"

Before the human can continue, fury erupts in Satan's eyes.

_SPLAT!_

One of Satan's Vectors pounces at the demi-human and crushes his head mid-sentence. His brains coat the ground, while bits of his skull and grey matter spray all over the place.

Belial freezes in place. She stares, wide-eyed, at Satan.

"No... no... no..."

Satan quickly wipes his face. He doesn't look at Belial, but instead, the headless corpse at his feet. "You heard the man. It has to be this way."

Belial lowers her trembling fists. A moment later, Satan crushes the heads of every other human nearby. He only pauses momentarily before killing Belial's thrall. She stares ahead numbly and watches her husband without saying anything.

"Damn," Satan mutters. "I thought they'd have special souls. Their power ain't their own."

Satan heads over to their commander, Darrol, lying against the wall at the end of the corridor. The paralyzed human gurgles blood as he spots the Devil walking toward him, but unable to fight back, he can only watch as his death approaches.

"You came here to kill," Satan says. "So I'm here to pay you back. I don't even know why you punks hate us so much. I didn't do anything to you."

Darrol coughs.

"Kuh... shit-fucking demon bastard... you don't know why we hate you? You don't know... what your little monsters do to our people?! Gurgh... curses... after all the children you're killed... all the women your kind have defiled... we won't rest... we won't let you- uhk?!"

The man's glowing eyes suddenly intensify in luminosity. A look of shock passes over his face.

"Ah! Ahaha! Ahahaha! Kahaha! Stupid Devil bastard! Hahaha! It's over for you, now! Haaahaha! He's coming! You're already dead, and you don't even know it! Bahahaha!!"

The human's expression turns maniacal. He laughs like a crazy person, each breath forcing up mouthfuls of blood. He ignores the pain as his frantic breathing causes him to choke violently.

"Kahk! Kah... kahaha! Tremble and weep, accursed bloodskin! Jepthath is coming! He's coming for you! AHAHAHA!!"

As the man laughs, Satan's hands begin to tremble. Something about the human's absolute confidence in his master, coupled with his overwhelming display of power earlier, causes many unspoken worries to appear in Satan's heart.

"Shut up!" Satan bellows. He swings his fist down and crushes Darrol's head, ending the man's life mid-laugh. For half a second afterward, Darrol's maniacal laughter echoes throughout the hallways, sending shivers down Satan's spine.

"C'mon, baby. We need to leave," Satan mutters. He turns around to look at Belial, only to notice a look of dazed disinterest on her face. Belial stares ahead at the wall, a blank mask covering her face. Her arms sag at her sides, and a sensation of defeat swallows her whole.

"Baby? What's wrong? Come on; this ain't the time for moping around!"

Satan walks over and grabs her hand, but Belial doesn't react.

"...All everyone does is fight and kill," Belial mumbles. "When does it end? When does it ever end?"

Satan groans. "I don't know, but not today, it doesn't! Didn't you hear that guy just now? His boss is coming over! Let's hurry up and get out of here while we still can."

Belial lowers her eyes to the five headless corpses at her feet. "Why couldn't you leave them alive? They weren't going anywhere. They weren't about to hurt anyone."

"Maybe not now, but they would have in the future," Satan says. 

The Devil pauses for a moment. He caresses Belial's hand, then starts pulling her along to follow him. "I get it, honey. I do. You think there's a better way we can do things, right? If everyone just set aside their differences, we'd all get along. I like the idea, but it'll never happen. As long as this chump or that punk has beef, they'll always be trying to set themselves up for a better position in life. The angels have their selfish desires, and so do the demons. Get it?"

Satan doesn't wait for Belial's reply. He drags her down the hallway toward the room from earlier and continues talking. "The world has limited resources. We demons need souls to power up and protect ourselves from the angels. The angels want to kill us because we've killed 'em first. Of course, we killed 'em because they enslaved us and treated us like dirt. At this point, it don't even matter who started what, 'cause we ain't never gonna fix the cycle. These humans are just the latest enemies we've made. They'll get sucked into the void, and we'll have to fight 'em off, too."

Finally, Belial speaks. "I see. So, do you think we can break the cycle?"

Her monotone voice makes Satan pause for a moment before replying. "Yeah, maybe. I don't see it working right now, though. Hell, I don't see it happening for a long time. Maybe in the future, we can patch things up."

Belial nods. She stares at the back of Satan's head as the two of them round the corner and enter the Broodmother's room. "The future... okay. Alright. Maybe in the future we can fix things."

Satan bobs his head. "Yeah. Who knows? Anything's possible... alright! Hey, Lophi! We're back. Come on, girl. I can't fit that big, birthing ass of yours out the door, but I can make a portal for ya."

Lophi raises her eyes to look at Satan and Belial. "You can save me?! Please hurry! I don't wanna stay here anymore! I'll die! I'll die!!"

Satan swaggers over and places his hand on the broodmother's shoulder. His eyes scan her body to look for injuries, but Belial's healing magic left no traces behind. Then, he flicks his gaze to the ant-queen-like posterior sticking out from behind her, with its faintly pulsing life energy revealing the demon imps contained within.

"Oy, moving that big arse is gonna be a bitch. Welp, here goes nothing."

Satan motions with his hands and summons a portal half a foot in front of Lophi. When the warp-gate opens, all the demons see on the other side is a dark, rocky cave — the lack of light inside echoes the atmosphere within the demon catacombs.

Lophi shivers. Her eagerness to leave deflates, replaced instead with tension and worry.

"W-where does this portal go? It looks scary..."

"It's a backup cave," Satan mutters. "I found it a few years ago — no big deal. I'm just gonna put you there for a bit, then come and get you to move you somewhere better. It's totally safe. Nobody else knows about it."

"Is... is that so..."

Lophi swallows her fear. After a little bit of encouraging, she leans on Belial and Satan to shakily waddle forward an inch at a time and slide through the portal. Belial uses her strength and bendiness to lift and push Lophi's rump from the rear, while Satan uses his Vectors.

A minute later, they finish shoving the broodmother through Satan's portal, wave goodbye, and close it off.

Satan wipes his forehead. "One down, a bunch more to go."

"Assuming any others are still alive," Belial replies, her voice frosty.

The two Emperors step out of the room. They leave behind the corpses of the demons, monsters, and demi-humans, and head deeper into the catacombs.

However, they don't travel far before Satan screeches to a halt and stares forward into the darkness.

With all the torches extinguished, the pitch-black hallways might prove impossible for humans to see through, but Satan's demonic vision gives him an acute sense of night-vision surpassing that of any homo-sapien.

Satan frowns. A hundred feet ahead, a single figure limps toward them. His broken, battered body, barely clinging to the edge of life and death, causes Satan's hair to stand on the back of his neck.

"Who's that?" Belial asks.

"It's Bael..." Satan murmurs. "B-Bael! Dude! Are you okay?!"

Satan and Belial quickly close the distance between themselves and their friend. When they arrive, they try to meet Bael's eyes, but the Duke of Pain merely continues limping forward. His eyes stare blankly at the ground.

"Bael! Hey! What's wrong? What happened?"

Satan sweeps his gaze across Bael's body. The Duke's right arm hangs limp at his side, with several of its joints bent in the opposite direction they should be facing. Bruises and lacerations cover his chest and face. His right eye swells to the point he can't see out of it, while his puffy lips tell the tale of a savage beatdown unlike any other.

"H-he beat me..." Bael murmurs. "Gotta... gotta run... gotta get away..."

Bael pushes past Satan and Belial. He barely acknowledges their existence, let alone speaks to them in any meaningful way.

Satan gazes at Bael's back as the big guy hobbles further up the hallway.

"Someone... beat Bael? How? Nobody's ever managed such a thing..."

Belial swallows her saliva. A sensation like sand creeps into her throat.

"Let's get out of here, Satan."

The two lovers meet each other's gazes. Both of them share a moment of faint panic.

Satan nods. "Right. Yeah. Let's help Bael get to the surface. We can't stick around anymore."

Both Emperors nod. They glance down the hallway, into the pitch-black maw of the cavernous depths. For a moment, both of them imagine seeing a pair of glowing eyes, but they quickly shake off those terrifying thoughts and trail after Bael to guide him to Earth's surface.

...

In the darkness, a single human watches them leave.

Jepthath, the Shepherd, stares with rage-filled eyes at the demons he hates the most.

"Run away, bloodskin leaders. Your deaths will come last."

Jepthath's expression turns frosty. "You've yet to learn the true meaning of fear."