Part 638: Compromised

January 24th, 2021. Noon, Northern California.

While Ose and Satan went on their fateful journey together, somewhere across the USA, on the far opposite side, there sat a male demon on a hill. The midday wind slowly swished around him, its wintery chill doing nothing to affect his body's temperature.

The demon sat at the very top of the hill with a calm, serene expression on his face. He looked out at the distant coastline, the small human settlement known as Crescent City, and he contemplated a great many things.

The meaning of life. His purpose. His feelings about the world.

His name was Gressil. He was a mere Baron of the Third Hell of Blood, but he had been a Baron for many many hundreds of years. He had evolved to his current rank through the contributions of helping other demons, a long time ago. He had been respected once. He had even been the leader of a small enclave within the Hell of Calamity... before King Arthur's men ran roughshod through it, swept up his enclave and killed many of its members.

These days, he was nothing. He was nobody. No longer noteworthy. No longer respected.

Gressil stared out across the midday horizon. He looked up at the clouds and sighed softly.

Only a few days earlier, Ose had practically dragged him along on a mission to assault the Illuminati Haven. He wanted to refuse, but he wasn't any good at telling his cute little sister 'no'. He didn't exactly dote on her, but whenever he looked into her eyes, a flash of pain ran through his heart.

Ose was only a child when her other older brothers had died. She was young... far too young. But Gressil was older. He remembered their faces and names. He remembered the good times he spent with them. He remembered their screams of agony as Arthur's minions tortured and maimed them.

But those events happened a long, long time ago. These days, Gressil didn't think about them much. He had other matters on his mind.

Gressil motioned with his hands. He summoned a small cloud of illusory butterflies, allowing them to gently fly around him in circles. He didn't know why he loved doing this so much. He only knew it calmed him down and made him feel more at peace.

Butterflies were so simple, so innocent. They were creatures that operated purely on instinct. The animal kingdom could be cruel and indifferent at times, but there were plenty of animals that lived tranquil lives. Nature might be eat-or-be-eaten, but it wasn't always kill-or-be-killed.

"Hey! Hey Gres! You up here again??"

Gressil's tranquil mood dissipated. He blinked and looked to the north, where he saw a female demoness climbing the mountain. She was attractive, with long brown hair and two perky pigtails. She wore a prim and proper outfit, but she had a good figure too. Not like him, who was tall, lanky, and otherwise ordinary looking. Gressil sometimes looked in a mirror and found his reflection depressing, but he didn't really feel like fixing it either. He simply was who he was. He had no desire to change himself.

"Hello, Abby." Gressil said softly, his words practically whispered on the wind. Luckily, Abby's sharp ears picked up on them.

"There you are! I should have known you'd come hide up here, like usual." Abby said, as she sprinted the rest of the way up the hill. She breathed only a little heavier than usual, but it was evident she'd been running around for quite a while without rest. "Have you seen Ose? I keep asking but nobody will tell me where to find her!"

Gressil slowly blinked his eyes. He returned his gaze out to the horizon.

"She left with Belial. I don't know why."

"What?! She left without ME?!" Abby screeched. "Oh, this is so unfair! I told her to tell me when she was taking a trip! I wouldn't want her to be lonely without me!"

Gressil didn't bother explaining that Ose actually hated interacting with Abby. Abby was completely oblivious about her one-sided love, and she never believed him when he explained in the past anyway.

So, he simply remained silent.

Abby moaned and groaned for a few seconds longer before frowning and looking at him.

"Hm? Gres? You okay?"

Gressil softly sighed. "I am fine."

She stared at him for a few moments, then walked over and sat down beside him.

"You always say that. But you're not fine. Something's on your mind."

Gressil didn't argue the point. She was right. He _was_ feeling more down than usual... and that was saying a lot.

Gressil lowered his eyes. With his acute demonic vision, he stared at a bee crawling on a nearby dandelion flower. He watched it as it went about its business, then took to the air and flew away. Bees were becoming a rarer sight over the years. A symptom of humanity's destruction of their environment.

"Why do we kill humans?" Gressil asked.

Abby blinked. She turned her head to look at the side profile of his face, then returned her gaze back out to the horizon.

"That's a weird question, Gres. We're demons. It's what we do."

"But why?" Gressil asked.

Abby fell silent. She chewed on his question in her head.

"Well. Humans have hurt a lot of demons. You and I know this better than others. We were both there when King Arthur tore up our enclave. It's only natural we have to fight for our survival."

Gressil slowly blinked. "That is not an accurate summary of past events. Demons attacked the humans. Arthur's men were retaliating against us."

"Sure, but the humans attacked us before then. Remember the Culling Hunts?" Abby asked.

"Right. And before that, we attacked them, and before that, they attacked us..." Gressil said.

He paused for a few moments, then closed his eyes and sighed.

"Isn't it all so... pointless? A cycle of violence. Unending. All so... Chaotic. Lacking in Order. Murder for murder's sake."

Abby didn't respond immediately. She again thought about his greater point.

"You're not wrong, Gres. But... what's the alternative? We could try and figure out which species started the war, but it wouldn't matter. The demons and humans would still have all the recent atrocities to point at. Everyone would point fingers. Nothing would change."

Gressil rested his hands on his lap. He opened his eyes and gazed upon a distant bird in a tree.

"I don't know. A temporary ceasefire. Something that would make us pause our hostilities toward each other. Something that would allow a generation of humans to grow old, pass away, and bring forth new ones who didn't remember the old pains caused and suffered by their elders. Maybe then, we could start to heal our old wounds."

Abby nibbled on her lower lip. "Where's all this coming from? Don't tell me that fight with the Illuminati affected you this much?"

"I won't lie. It did." Gressil muttered. "We overpowered the humans. We slaughtered them with great ease. Dozens, perhaps even hundreds dead. Reduced to meat paste. By contrast, we suffered no losses. Mother ate a bullet and passed out... that was the worst extent of our injuries. And the cause of all this suffering? A simple desire to root out the truth about the two Trueborn Heroes."

Gressil paused for a moment.

"Sentients... are all so greedy, Abby. They are all ruled by Desire. They seek their own enrichment. They think selfish thoughts, only working to uplift themselves. When causing pain to others, rarely do they imagine what it would feel like if such pain were inflicted on them instead."

Abby quietly looked at Gressil's face again. He looked so hurt by what he had seen. So damaged. But the pain he felt did not only come from those humans...

"Are you always this... ponderous?" Abby asked, her voice low. "I didn't know you had such... broad thoughts. You and Ose are really similar."

"I don't know." Gressil muttered. "Those Heroes said they wanted me and my sister dead. But why? What have we ever done to them? Is there not some way we could make amends? Stop the eternal cycle of pain and suffering? Why must bloodshed be the only language we speak?"

After a moment's hesitation, Abby reached over and looped her arm around Gressil's. She leaned her head against his shoulder and sighed.

"Jeez, Gres. You're really bringing down my mood here. All this heavy talk... it makes me wish Lucifer would be nicer to you."

Gressil turned his head slightly. He looked at the top of Abby's hair, felt the soft skin of her arm twined with his.

"That is something I wish too. All the time." Gressil muttered.

The two of them remained sitting there for many many hours together, pondering about the brutality of the world together.

---

January 24th, 2021. Noon, New York State.

Somewhere in the suburbs, far from the hustle and bustle of New York City, a pair of false humans slowly walked into the countryside. They kept watch for pursuers, but it didn't seem anyone had followed them to their destination.

"This is the place." Satan the Devil growled. He gestured vaguely toward a spot somewhere in the forest, though Ose didn't see anything special about it. "Can't get in unless you know how to do all the ritual bullshit. Or unless you're me. Heh."

Satan made an exaggerated snapping motion with his fingers. Instantly, a magical contract appeared in his grasp. Then, he touched a few words on the densely-written page, and they began to glow with unholy red demonic light.

The forest lit up with an ominous, bloody energy. Distant screams seemed to waft into Ose's ears. Even as a mentally resilient demoness, she felt deeply discomforted by the raw negative energy in the air.

"You wouldn't believe how many human souls we use to make places like this." Satan said, as glowing pentagrams began to appear on the ground, etched into the nearby trees, and even onto the bodies of birds in the branches above. "You wouldn't believe it."

A _whoomph_ of air erupted from within the forest's depths. It struck the two demons, but Ose dug her heels into the ground and stiffened her posture so she wouldn't fall over. Satan, by comparison, didn't even flinch.

After that, a crystal clear oval-shaped portal slowly materialized in the air. Satan remained standing in place for over five minutes as it expanded, then grew to a size big enough for both of them to walk through. Eventually, it changed appearance to reveal some sort of underground chamber lit by glowing demonstones.

"After you, toots." Satan said, gesturing toward it.

Ose nodded. She strode forward and boldly walked inside without any fear. If this was all some ploy to kill her, that would be profoundly stupid on Satan's part, and if some ancient horror wanted to sneak attack her once she entered, she doubted it could contend with the First Emperor of demonkind.

She entered the underground chamber and found a series of human cultists inside, their faces masked, all of them standing with their palms clasped together against their waists. They stood in a line, saying nothing, facing the portal's entrance as Ose and Satan entered. She stood atop a platform elevated maybe ten feet off the ground, and at the bottom of the stairs leading downward, even more human cultists stood at attention, awaiting Satan's arrival.

The First Emperor smiled as the portal closed behind him.

"Good work, ladies, gents. You can all die now."

The moment the words left his mouth, all the humans stiffened, slumped forward, and fell down, dead. They collapsed into their shadows, ending up a line of corpses on the ground. Ose looked around the room at the thirty or so dead bodies, then promptly ignored them. They were only human. Their lives held no value in her eyes.

"Does this happen every time you open a portal?" She asked, as she and Satan made their way down the stairs.

"Huh? Yeah, but it's no big deal. The big city has lots of vagrants, homeless people, poor shlubs. It's easy to make a few go missing once in a while. We've still got a few hundred more in the back wing, waiting to be used when we leave later."

Ose nodded slowly. "And none of them are compromised?"

"Compromised?" Satan scoffed. "And how would that be the case?"

She looked at him out of the corner of her eye, then shook her head. "Nothing. Seems you have everything under control."

The two walked deeper into the chamber. Before long, a pair of handsome Demon Lords strode out and bowed at the waist. "Emperor Satan."

"I'm here to see Hellga." Satan said. "I'm giving a promotion to Baron Ose."

The two males straightened their postures. They appraised Ose, then nodded.

"Of course." One of them said. "This way."

They led Satan and Ose deeper into the tunnels, where they passed various chambers with human slaves pounding hammers against anvils, forging items under the beady-eyed watch of slave-drivers behind them. Sometimes they passed vast underground chambers where humans were mining demonstone slowly, painfully, with whips cracking at their backs if they slowed down.

"This is just one of many underground complexes for building demonkind's armies." Satan explained. "We've got a bunch of 'em all over the place. This one's a bit more special than the others, since it's the one I visit most often, but it's not too far beyond what you'd expect from other facilities."

"Demonstone grows back after you've mined it." Ose commented idly. "It's not only a renewable resource, but plentiful and easy to find, so long as many demons congregate in one area."

"We've got mountains of the stuff just lying around. Honestly, it's a bit of a nuisance." Satan replied. "Keeps growing forever if we don't mine it. Once we dig it out of the ground, it goes inert. I just wish we had something useful we could use it all for."

Ose blinked. "Aren't you crafting armor with it? Weapons?"

"Nah. Mostly just furniture." Satan said. "Don't get me wrong, demonstone is extremely tough, but most demons would rather use their magical abilities to fight humans. It's not very prestigious to go out there in armor like the humans do. It's beneath us."

Ose frowned deeply. She knew demonstone was quite abundant, but she had no idea it was to the extent Satan had said. Her mind began to revolve as she started thinking about a great many things...

Satan stopped before a giant door at the end of the hallway. There were all sorts of demonic symbols etched into it, engravings of torturous ceremonies, among other things. He ignored those, bit his thumb, and sent a drop of blood toward the door. The drop exploded into a faint mist, then the door activated and slid into the wall, revealing the Blood Pits within.

This was one of demonkind's healing havens; a place where badly injured and maimed demons could come to heal their bodies and revive themselves from all but the most dire of wounds. The blood was taken from humans, empowered through magical processes Ose had no knowledge of, and was part of an ancient tradition that ensured demons could stay alive and outlive their weak, pathetic human enemies for millennia upon millennia.

The two nameless Demon Lords stood at attention outside, allowing Satan and Ose to enter the Blood Pits by themselves.

A gorgeous young demon girl with curly brown hair bounded over to them and smiled cutely. "Satan! Hello, darling! Why have you come to see me?"

Satan grinned. "Hellga! Just the gal I was lookin' for. This here is Lucy's little girl, Ose. She's a Baron, but due to a recent contribution, I'm gonna need some souls for her. I'm promoting her to Emperor."

Some of the demons laying in the pools of blood jolted awake in surprise. It had been over a hundred years since the last time a demon was evolved to the rank of Emperor, and they certainly didn't expect to be in the room when it was announced.

"Ose? Oh, how nice to meet you!" Hellga chirped, puffing out her bountiful chest. "Wow, you're so beautiful too! I've heard you're like a genius with the human gadgets, yeah?"

Ose nodded. "That seems to be the case."

"Brains and beauty! Some girls get all the good stuff..." Hellga pouted. "Well, you're in luck. I have a surplus on pills. Some human genocides have been playing out in the Middle East, so we've been reaping quite a few from our passive sources. Come on, this way!"

She led Satan and Ose to the back of the blood pits, then entered a secret chamber by passing through an illusory wall. When Ose followed after, the distant sounds of screaming she had heard at the entrance became far louder, and much more violent! Wailing howls of agony from captured human souls sniffled and sobbed as they waiting within a purgatory, unable to die, unable to revive as angels in Heaven.

"Over the years," Satan explained, "we've found all sorts of vulnerabilities in the Lazarus Tower. We can nick souls from the angels if the humans don't pray enough, or if I can get 'em to sign one of my contracts. It's not much, but we manage to pick up maybe ten or twenty million a year."

Ose looked at him. "That's enough to raise more than a dozen Emperors every year."

"Bad idea. Too many chiefs, not enough Indians." Satan said while waving his hand flippantly. "Trust me, even if we only uplifted one Emperor a year, it'd create chaos. We tried that for a while and things got way out of hand. That's why we had to make the Seven Hells. Too many power struggles otherwise. The existing Emperors agreed only to uplift a new one after long periods of stability, or if one of the old ones died."

He looked back at her. "You're a special case. Don't make me regret doin' this."

Ose bared a toothy grin at him. "Oh, don't you worry, _I won't_. This is the best decision you could have made this century."

Satan looked at her solemnly. "I hope so."

Then, he turned to Hellga, who had already procured a handful of pitch-black soul pills she condensed on the spot. The number of errant souls in the room plummeted drastically as they were sealed inside the pills.

"We only have a few thousand souls left over." Hellga said, directing an appraising eye toward Ose. "You've consumed 11,201 souls so far. Inside these pills, there is a total of 988,799 souls. Just enough to get you to one million and past the barrier of Emperor."

"How do you know the number of souls I've consumed?" Ose asked. "I've been a Baron for several hundred years now."

"Oh, that? I can just tell by looking. It's an acquired ability!" Hellga said happily. "Now, let's not wait any longer. Emperor Satan does not uplift other Emperors often, so I'm looking forward to seeing what sort of powerhouse you will become!"

"Hold on just a second." Satan said, stepping between her and Ose. Ose frowned.

"What now?" Ose asked.

Satan didn't use words to reply. He simply waved his hand and summoned a magical contract.

"Sign this first. With blood."

Ose frowned. She knew there had to be a catch. She snatched the contract, then scanned it with her eyes. Other demons might be confused when reading the terms, but she had multiple degrees in law from human colleges. She saw right through a hundred different traps.

"Hahahaha. A slave contract? How clever, Satan. I'm not signing this."

Satan shrugged. "Saw through me that easy, huh? Well, I'd have been disappointed if you didn't. Actually, I'd rather you just sign the same one your mom did. It's not as restrictive-"

"I'm not signing _any_ of your contracts." Ose interrupted, her eyes flashing with sinister light. "Not one clause, not one binding vow... _nothing._"

Satan blinked. He looked at her in surprise, but then his eyes hardened.

"Tough girl, huh? That ain't how this works, toots. You don't become an Emperor without my say-so. No signature, no Emperor rank. It's that simple."

Ose didn't back down. She loomed over him and sneered.

"Oh, Satan, _darling._ You don't get to threaten me. You need me to become an Emperor more than even I do. You simply haven't realized it yet."

Satan scoffed. "The fuck are you talkin' about? You tryin'a play games with me?"

"Not games. The cold, hard truth." Ose bit back. "You still don't get it. You're compromised, Satan. You're not as powerful and all-seeing as you think. The humans have been watching you for at least a decade, if not longer. They've bugged your offices, tagged your minions, and have likely infiltrated deep into our bases. If I sign one of your contract, I become another one of your 'assets'. A pawn they can use you to manipulate."

"The contract I had your mom sign ain't that bad. Don't be a baby." Satan retorted. "I'll be able to know where you are at all times. That's it. No restrictions, nothing else."

"And if I die?" Ose asked.

"If you die, I get your soul." Satan said. "What, you want it to go to the Lazarus Tower instead? With the angels?"

"My soul is mine." Ose said, leaning back and crossing her arms. She looked down at him with an even more derisive sneer than before. "I have _plans_ for my soul, should I die someday. Hopefully, that will never happen. But if it does, I'll be prepared. In any case, I'm not signing a contract binding me to humanity's greatest mole. You're a liability."

Satan's glare turned ugly. "I've killed bitches for saying less than that."

"Yeah? And were those 'bitches' at the top of the Trueborn's kill-list when they were only a mere Baron?" Ose probed. "You _need_ me. Right now, demonkind is in the most precarious position it's ever been. This is the time to elevate an Emperor not bound by the old paradigms."

She shrugged and looked away. "Or don't. Flip that coin. _See what happens._"

Satan looked doubtful. He looked at the ground and rubbed his chin for a minute or two while Hellga stood silently behind him, the soul pills held tightly in her grasp.

Eventually, he nodded.

"So it's like that, huh? You think I'm compromised, just because of some buggers?"

"_And_ the 'slaves' outside." Ose snapped back. "You idiot! You imbecile! This place isn't hidden at all! The humans have already planted moles in your midst! I sensed technological devices hidden inside their bodies. They have beacons that can guide the humans here at any point! You haven't even noticed because you and the other demons are too STUPID to notice! Willfully ignorant, blindly denying change that could empower our species. You are a relic of an older time, and an anchor holding us back from the greatness we could achieve."

The more Ose spoke, the more she began looking into the distance, as if peering at a future only she could see.

"Here's the new deal, Satan. You will make me an Emperor without any conditions. In return, I will use my powers to elevate demons FAR beyond anything you could imagine. If you are not willing to trust my judgment, then let's not speak of the matter anymore. Let the humans kill me, and you can pray you have what it takes to hold them back."

Ose fell silent. She no longer bother to argue her case, leaving Satan with a bit of a conundrum. On the one hand, she had disrespected him several times and called into question his leadership skills. On the other hand, her pointed criticisms were factually correct, and aside from Hellga, there weren't any other demons present in the secret chamber...

Satan frowned. He looked up at Ose, and she looked back down at him.

What a domineering woman.

She had the makings of a truly impressive Emperor...

"Alright." Satan finally said. "We'll do it your way. Hellga. Give her the pills. And erase your memories of the entire conversation up to now."

Hellga blinked. Her eyes dulled. Satan's contract swallowed her mind, and her memories disappeared. She looked at Ose blankly, then held out her palm with the soul pills in it.

Ose took the pills gratefully. She looked at them with eager eyes.

"You've made the right decision, Emperor Satan." She said, glancing at him for a split second before returning her gaze to those delectable pills.

Satan opened his mouth to say something, but then he paused and shrugged. "Don't eat 'em too fast. It'll hurt like hell if ya do."

Ose grinned as she gazed at the treasure in her hands. "I am no stranger to _agony_."

Without another word, she grabbed the pills and threw them in her mouth. Ten marble-sized orbs flew down her throat, and she swallowed them with great gusto.

Instantly, they began dissolving. Souls tried to escape her body, only for her raw demonic power to greedily latch onto those poor, pathetic dead humans and melt them into raw soul energy that streamed into Ose's internal organs.

"ORAAAA!!!" Ose roared, as her aura began to surge.

Lightning exploded from her body. It slammed into the walls, pounded the door, and shook the entire underground complex. Luckily, Hellga had already smoothly taken refuge behind Satan, who easily protected her from the explosive power outbursts erupting from Ose's body.

As the catacombs rumbled, the demons in the Blood Pits sat up a little straighter, looking at the secret hall with fire in their eyes.

A new Emperor... had been elevated!