Part 462: Unwanted Harem

Somewhere inside the depths of the Labyrinth, a hunting party comprised of over 500 individuals goes on the prowl.

Led by the Monster Queen, Blinker, its goal is to locate, hunt down, and kill Demon Emperors Mephisto and Yama, while hopefully killing Zamiel and attempting to rescue the former Monster King Kar's soul.

Blinker travels with powerful allies. Not only Fairy Princess Melia, but her retainers, Saria and Ruto. The newly ascended Emperor of Hellfire, Beelzebub, also joins this company, though the others appear hesitant at his accompanying them. His role is not only to assist them in killing their Emperor enemies, but more importantly, to use his demonic connections to actually locate the Emperor of Legions.

Newly added to their squad is a certain almighty being, the Archangel of Retribution, Uriel. This haughty woman lingers behind the others, walking with her arms crossed while idly glancing toward any distant patches of demonic energy to see if she can sense Mephisto's location. She fails, but that doesn't stop her from trying. Uriel continues to wear the rings of her three brothers, rings which cause her already impressive repertoire of abilities to vastly expand.

As for the other hundreds of individuals, these consist of heavily armed soldiers granted to Blinker by Neil Adams himself. To assist her in slaughtering one of humanity's enemies, Neil gives her access to a platoon of his finest soldiers. Many of them consist of humans, but a surprising number are monsters as well.

One final unexpected addition to Blinker's convoy turns out to be the cute and adorable Kiari, the Emperor of Pestilence. Unlike the others who wear somewhat gloomy expressions on their faces, Kiari walks along with a bit of a skip in her step. She manipulates her bugs, sending them down thousands of corridors to get an early jump on the search, fanning out to look for Mephisto's whereabouts.

"Sooooo, Beelzebub!" Kiari chirps. "How have you... been?"

Beelzebub forces a smile. "I'm doing well, Kiari."

"Mmm. It's a little weird, you know?" Kiari idly yaps. "I freed you from Rosalia's dungeon but had no idea you were... you! I didn't believe you even when you told me!"

Beelzebub gazes at the charming demoness. "That was a bit silly of you."

"Well, I just like to give people the benefit of the doubt." Kiari says, shrugging. "You ARE going to be a better person, right? Because what you did was... it was really bad, Beelzebub."

Beelzebub looks away.

"It was. I'm sorry."

"Apologies don't fix everything." Kiari says, a little more seriously. "But they're a good start! Once you acknowledge the problem, you can start fixing it! Though... we can't ever bring my friends back..."

Kiari's innate cheerful nature contrasts with her internal realizations. She struggles with how she should treat Beelzebub.

"I can't bring anyone back." Beelzebub replies. "But at the least, I can stop killing more. I can put my strength to use for humanity's sake. For demonkind's sake. I can ensure no others do what I did."

As the two of them talk, Fairy Princess Melia directs a subtle but scathing gaze at Beelzebub's back. She doesn't say anything, but her eyes tell a story regarding her inner thoughts. She lightly flaps her wings and flickers forward, instantly jumping ten feet to arrive at Blinker's side, not far behind the Emperor of Hellfire.

"I hope we can trust him." Melia says, twirling a finger idly around her long green hair. She doesn't bother worrying if Beelzebub's sharp hearing can pick up her words.

"I don't care." Blinker says idly. "I need my husband back. Revenge comes second."

"He could be leading us into a trap." Melia points out. "Though it is unlikely."

Blinker appears unimpressed. "We have one and three-half Archangels with us. If Beelzebub betrays us, he'll be paying the Great Beyond a visit REAL soon."

Behind Beelzebub and Kiari, as well as Blinker and Melia, Archangel Uriel blinks her eyes wearily. Two rather-annoying fairies metaphorically buzz around her, showering her with questions.

"I was born way after the Energy Wars, so I've never seen an Archangel before! Is it true you can summon weapons made of light?" Fairy Ruto asks, her blue hair bobbing around as she peppers Uriel with questions. "Can you call down Heaven's Judgment? Can you smite Demon Emperors dead with a wave of your hand?!"

"I heard angels can fly really fast! Can you fly faster than a fairy?" Saria asks, her own green-hair bouncing around her neck as she talks. "We should have a race! You versus me and Ruto!"

Uriel remains aloof, only shooting mildly disdainful looks at the two annoying brats.

"We Archangels are not known for our... patience." Uriel says quietly.

"Understandable!" Ruto exclaims. "That must be how the demons beat you during the Energon Wars!"

"What?!" Uriel snaps, glaring at Ruto. "Art thou attempting to enrage me?"

Realizing she's said something wrong, Ruto quickly backs away. "No no, haha! I misspoke! I'm sorry, Miss Uriel! I just really admire you! You're such a cool lady, a real badass!"

Uriel tampers down her anger. "Mmm. Well. To answer thy infinite questions... I can indeed summon blades of light. But generally, I prefer to wield spears."

With a quick flourish, she uncrosses her arms, flicks her wrists, and conjures two brilliantly shining spears of light, awing both girls.

"Wow! So pretty!" Ruto squeaks, stars dancing in her eyes. "Can... can I have one?"

"Verily, they shalt fall to pieces when they depart my grasp." Uriel says blandly, making another motion to desummon the weapons. "I once possessed two incredible artifact spears forged by my sister, Camael. But sadly, they were lost during the Ancient Era..."

"Oh... that's too bad." Ruto says.

She and Saria continue talking to Uriel for a while, but eventually they decide to move on to other things.

As the hunting party continues to follow Beelzebub and Kiari's guidance, Saria and Ruto playfully zip around, looking at all the humans wearing faceless T-REX's. Most of the nanite armors look identical to the others, with minor variations in body size and shape, particularly between the men and women.

But as the girls fly from person to person, Saria's nose picks up a strange scent. She quickly snaps her eyes onto one of the human troopers, a slightly taller soldier than the ones in his immediate vicinity. The soldier wears a unique-looking Rhino suit, one built for melee battles and heavily armored for frontline combat. The fairy retainer flies up into the air, then descends and lands smack in the soldier's path.

"Hey! Hey you!" Ruto says, drawing the attention of several nearby troopers. "Can you take off your helmet for a second? I wanna get a look at you!"

Ruto glances over at her mischievous friend. Invisible question marks pop up over her head as she starts making her way over to Ruto's position. At the same time, seeing two gorgeous fairy girls descend upon one of their own, the other soldiers nearby heartily chuckle under their breaths.

The soldier in question crosses his arms. "Perhaps if you ask nicely."

"Pleeeease!" Ruto whimpers, putting on her cutest puppy-dog eyes. "Show me your face, mister!"

With a shrug, the soldier deactivates his T-REX. The massive suit of armor melts away, its nanites flooding into the central control module on his chest. Within seconds, a dark-skinned fellow, Samuel Baker, crosses his arms and looks down at the admittedly attractive fairy.

"Happy?" He asks.

"Ohhh!" Ruto quietly exclaims, her breath catching in her throat. Samuel frowns slightly as her pupils strangely contract and expand. She starts sniffing the air, then leans toward him, standing on her tippy-toes to bring her nose closer to his face.

Samuel takes a small step back, but Saria presses the assault, matching his pace.

"Hey!" Samuel snaps. "You got a problem?"

His forceful tone does nothing to deter the fairy. Blood rushes to her cheeks and she blushes, swaying from side to side as she gazes at him in visible adoration.

"You.. you smell so nice..." Saria says. "What's your name, mister?"

"Lieutenant Samuel Baker." He says, glancing behind her as her friend Ruto lands not far away. "Can I ask why you're... smelling me? I'll admit I skipped my shower this morning, but I shouldn't smell THAT strange."

Ruto grabs Saria's shoulder and pulls her back. "Saria! Don't pester people! It's rude! You're acting like a lovestruck-"

Ruto suddenly pauses mid-sentence. She blinks as if sprayed in the face with water, then takes a good, long look at Samuel.

She starts sniffing the air and drawing closer to him as well!

_Sniff, sniff._ "Wow! Oh my goodness! You smell really nice, Samuel, was it? REALLY nice!"

"I know, right?" Saria chirps. "He's not just handsome, but he has that strange scent about him. Say, didn't mother tell me about this once...?"

Both fairies pause, making Samuel frown. Already, a dozen nearby male soldiers have given him silent thumbs-ups before turning and walking away to leave him alone to his 'fate.'

"Aha!" Saria exclaims. "Samuel! Are you a fairy? A male fairy?!"

"What? NO!" Samuel bellows. "I ain't no goddamn fairy!"

"Hmm..." Saria continues, not believing his words in the slightest. "I don't know. Mother said there were only five male fairies in the Milky Way, but they're impossible to miss. Each one has a... a strong, sweet scent about them. Are you suuure you're not a fairy? Do you have wings?"

Ruto blushes even harder than before. She bites her lower lip and starts to squeeze her clothes in vaguely lewd ways. "My mother said male fairies... they're supposed to be irresistible. I didn't realize the effect would be _this_ potent."

"For the love of all that is holy." Samuel grumbles. "I'm not a- a goddamned fairy. I'm a normal human guy. Although..."

"Although?" Ruto repeats.

Samuel pauses for several long seconds. He looks away, then curses like a sailor under his breath.

"Motherfuckin' Phoebe. Did that damned hussy set me up? Shit. Goddammit. Ahh..."

After half a minute of deliberation, Samuel seemingly accepts his fate. He gestures to the large gauntlet affixed to his left hand.

"There's this, this new gadget Miss Hiro made. It's called a Power Glove. It can turn you into different creatures. I found out I have... man it's _so stupid_ to say. I have a 'high compatibility' with the fairy transformation."

The two retainers don't seem to understand what he means, so after a bit of light prompting, they get him to demonstrate.

Samuel twists the Power Glove's activation module, setting the selector to fairy. A moment later, his body begins to imperceptibly shift and change. Dainty butterfly wings sprout from his back. His skin becomes noticeably cleaner, more pure, and even half a shade darker. His physique visibly improves, turning him from a well-toned muscular fellow into a scary looking supersoldier, but one who has clearly invested in excellent skincare. He becomes a strange but aesthetically pleasing cross between a pretty-boy and a muscular meathead.

The moment Samuel's transformation concludes, a dark cloud appears in his thoughts. The two fairies before him become much more agitated. They struggle to control themselves and have to actively step back, their legs shaking as they look at him with lustful gazes.

"Oh, oh mother, guide me..." Ruto whispers, her voice cracking. "He's so... so hot! Oh ancient fairies! I can't believe a man can look this incredible! He's _truly_ a male fairy!"

"The legends didn't praise them highly enough..." Saria whispers. Tears stream from her eyes as she forcefully fights against her body's urges. "Mi-mister, Samuel, sir. Listen... You have to come with us. You have to go to the fairy homeworld! We'll treat you well! So well! You cannot imagine- fairy males are almost never born... we need more like you!"

Suddenly, another figure materializes beside Saria and Ruto.

Monster Queen Blinker!

She glances between them and Samuel, her eyes fluttering in surprise as she also notices the incredibly intoxicating scent wafting from his body. However, she appears far less moved. With a flick of her hands, she teleports the other two away, making them offer a faint yelp of protest before they vanish.

"Wai-!" Saria exclaims, before vanishing.

The Monster Queen clears her throat.

"Sorry about that, Samuel." Blinker says. "I wondered where those two naughty girls went. And... why are you a fairy? A male fairy, at that? Did I miss a memo?"

Samuel holds up his Power Glove, then adjusts the setting to revert himself back to human form. Blinker gets the idea and frowns.

"Hmm. So that gadget can turn men into male fairies? That's a bit concerning."

"I don't know." Samuel says, slightly exasperated. Why don't you seem affected? Those other two looked like they were about to jump my bones if you hadn't interfered."

Blinker snorts. "Oh, you poor thing! I'm sure that would have been a fate worse than death. But to answer your question! Male fairies are extremely rare. I barely know of half-a-dozen of them currently still alive. Male fairies are the only way to, _ahem_, continue the fairy bloodline. Fairies can mate with any species and give birth to that species' children. But we can only make more fairies through males of our own kind. So as you can imagine..."

"Your men must have quite a good time." Samuel says. "Well. I mean. Those girls aren't exactly... I wouldn't deny them... but it feels a little wrong, you know? It looked like they couldn't control themselves."

Blinker glances around, making sure there's nobody else in the immediate vicinity before turning her gaze back to Samuel.

"Fairy Retainers are..."

She pauses.

"...virgins. It's a cultural tradition for reasons I won't go into. And virgin fairies are extremely susceptible to the aphrodisiac-like scent of a male fairy. But once a girl has had some fun, she's won't go weak in the knees anymore. That's why we have a tradition of marrying off fairies to other species first. Though, there were a couple males in history who used their Scent to plunder their way into a harem. Pretty despicable fellows."

"Ah. So that's why you're not pouncing on me." Samuel nods, finally understanding. "Because of Kar. Well, I don't want to take advantage of some naive young girls. I'll keep my distance."

A brief pause follows. Blinker looks at Samuel seriously then lifts her chin.

With a flick of her wrist, she suddenly teleports another random trooper nearby.

"Eh?" The man grunts, his faceless helmet hiding his expression. "Why am I- huh?"

"I brought you here." Blinker says to the man. "You have a Power Glove, right? Retract your armor for a minute."

The man nods. "Yes, Blinker, ma'am. Why?"

"Just do it." She commands.

The man nods. He retracts his armor, then follows Blinker's command to turn himself into a fairy. As he does, he also takes on a beautiful and fair form, one that makes him look no different than any other fairy. He even obtains pretty butterfly wings.

But Blinker's expression visibly relaxes. "Okay. I see now. Thank you for your help. You can revert back and rejoin the group. Tell the others I'll catch up in a minute."

The trooper nods. Blinker teleports him back up ahead to the rest of the hunting party, which has now begun to draw a good distance further into the Labyrinth, leaving Blinker and Samuel alone.

"That's good." Blinker says, more to herself than to Samuel. "Boy, was I worried! That could have turned out a lot worse for us."

"I feel like I'm missing something." Samuel says.

"I was afraid that any man could become a male fairy." Blinker explains. "They can, but... he didn't have the Scent. You do."

"Supposedly, I have an S-class compatibility with the fairy transformation." Samuel groans. "That... probably has something to do with it."

"It would be a disaster for my species if all of humanity could become authentic male fairies." Blinker says, her expression grim. "We certainly need to keep our numbers up, but most of the Fairy Queens don't like the idea of male fairies using their pheromones to forcibly- well, you get the idea. Especially because if a female fairy's first Bond is with a male fairy, the effect becomes... permanent. Or at least it's very hard to break. Like I said, there were some bad boys who abused that ability in the past to build massive harems of mind-controlled concubines."

"Hmm. That's screwed up." Samuel says. "In any case, I'm not interested in that lovey-dovey crap anyway. If someone wants to go for a throw in the sheets, I won't turn 'em down, but it's not my main goal."

"Well..." Blinker says, hesitating. "I think you should reconsider. Like I said, there are only half a dozen male fairies still alive. Most of them are already... preoccupied. They have their harems. But they're also getting on in years. It's not like they'll die of old age, but it wouldn't hurt to have another join their ranks."

Samuel glowers at her. "You want me to give up my revenge? To become some sort of harem king?"

"It's up to you." Blinker says with a shrug. "I wouldn't mind having a friend like you on the Fairy Council. You do get to become a member of the highest noble class, you know. And since you really want to take revenge on demonkind as a whole... you could build up an army of pretty girls who would help you..."

She pauses.

"...plus, you get to have LOTS of hot, steamy, raunchy-"

"I get the picture." Samuel interrupts. "I'll think about it. For right now, maybe just keep those girls away from me, alright?"

"Yeah. I can do that." Blinker says. "In the meantime, why don't we-"

She stops mid-sentence and frowns. Her eyes become slightly unfocused as she looks away from Samuel. After thirty full seconds of silence, Blinker shakes away the fog from her eyes.

"Oh. Jason contacted me just now. He wanted to know if we'd need any help taking down Mephisto."

"Do we?" Samuel asks.

"Nah!" Blinker shouts. "We'll beat that bastard, no matter what. I promise... his days are numbered!"

"That's what I like to hear." Samuel says, glad to finally leave the strange conversation about his fairy powers in the dust. "We should probably get moving. The others are way ahead of us, now."

Blinker sighs. "I just hope we're not doing this all for nothing. If Mephisto manages to hide from us..."

"He won't." Samuel replies, his tone confident. "We have the power of the Creator on our side. _And_ we have an Archangel."

He smirks at Blinker.

"That walking corpse is _so_ screwed."