Part 728: Making New Enemies

_Reldis-02. Starport of Ageko City. Stardate 207.715 of the Ancient Volgrim Empire._

Unarin was not someone who was quick to anger. Indeed, like all Changelings, Unarin knew to keep its emotions in check at all times. But that did not mean it did not ever experience such emotions.

Later that day, when Reldis's star had begun to set, Unarin was sitting inside its room when Muuxunuu walked up to the door and knocked lightly.

"Unarin. The sun has fallen. It is time."

The red Changeling looked up. It nodded, then rose to its feet. Unarin was now wearing a sleek black jumpsuit, one that covered all of its tall, gangly limbs from head to toe. Only its eyes stuck out, and those were pitch-black.

Changelings were extremely slender creatures. Technopaths and other Volgrim subspecies would be considered 'normal' by Terran standards, but Changelings looked definitively 'alien.' Their bodies were extremely weak, but as frail as they seemed, they were not defenseless.

A cold gleam entered Unarin's eyes. Along with Muuxunuu and Randis, the three of them stole out of the underground Changeling haven and began sneaking through the darkness of Ageko's night. As it happened, because of the fog in the atmosphere, nights were practically pitch-black, and lights were essential to prevent Volgrim from casually tripping over the damned vines crawling up and down every possible ledge in the city.

Unarin took the lead, with Muuxunuu and Randis following swiftly behind. The three of then began sneaking back over to the east side of the city. It wasn't long before they arrived outside the hotel with the bigoted owner who had insulted Unarin earlier that day.

The three of them stealthily avoided Enforcer patrols. They used a special device given to them by Psymin to turn off the lights in any direction they pointed her remote. In this way, with their stealth suits worn, they could avoid catching the eyes of any passerbys.

Naturally, it was obvious what they were planning to do. They broke inside the hotel and entered an employee-records room. Since it was night-time, everyone was gone. Unarin carefully examined the personnel files, then whispered a few names to Muuxunuu and Randis. The two of them nodded, then all three split up.

Twenty time-units later, they exited the hotel, stowing away the small knives they had brought.

After meeting outside, they exchanged glances. Unarin nodded. Muuxunuu nodded. Randis did too.

All three targets were dead. They hadn't killed the hotel owner, but had instead murdered three of his progeny, leaving him alive to suffer emotional agony for the coming cycles. It wasn't about taking out the bigot, but about sending a message.

Well, he would probably hate Changelings even more, but that was okay too. At least now he had a reason.

After taking care of him, Unarin nodded at Randis. "Lead us there."

Randis nodded back, and the three of them took off once again. This time, they infiltrated a large residential housing complex, one where Randis told Unarin the Thumper Gang primarily resided. Even this late at night, many of the gang members would still be awake, but that was alright. Changelings could be eerily stealthy. Their small bodies had little mass, and their footsteps were practically soundless.

In this way, the three Changelings exacted a new revenge on the Thumpers who killed Randis's comrade, Ledd. They carefully entered the rooms of more than a dozen sleeping members of the gang, all high-ranked ones with powerful body mods that could easily kill any member of the trio in one hit. By working together, Muuxunuu was able to shoot a muffling device onto the face of a target, Unarin used another snaring device to bind their body in a constricting net, and Randis injected their necks with a paralyzing nerve agent.

By executing their timing with careful precision, they were able to do all three actions simultaneously, waking the target up only for them to become immediately bound in something much tighter than a spiderweb.

"Mmmph! Mmmgh!" The first Technopath huffed through the mask binding his face. He shuddered on the bed and tried to wiggle, but the rapid-constricting net bound him so tightly he couldn't get any leverage. Once the Changelings sensed he was appropriately immobilized, they stabbed him in the skull, the throat, and the heart all in unison.

It was a quick death. Perhaps too merciful, but they were on a timer.

After confirming the death, the Changelings began going room to room. Nobody had a clue that the faint thumping noises upstairs were actually the last dying moments of their dear brothers.

Within one standard time unit, the Changelings had killed two dozen of the top ranking members of the Thumper Gang, including the leader. The remainders were only low-level thugs who didn't matter, so they carefully made their way back outside, escaping into the night.

Come morning, the eastern hotel fell into chaos when the bigoted owner awoke to find his sons and daughter murdered in their beds. He screamed and raged, but there was nothing he could do. The culprits had escaped. A similar wailing and grinding of teeth followed when the remnants of the Thumper Gang found all their top brass executed through vicious means in the middle of the night.

This was what Changelings did best. This was how they fought.

The Psions fought head-on. They could not stand dishonorable sneak attacks and other such methods.

The Changelings were the opposite. They had no chance in a fair fight, so they waited until their enemies were vulnerable, then ruthlessly butchered them, bringing about the swiftest possible end.

Technopaths and Dolgrimites aligned much more with the Psions in this regard. The Technopaths were more than capable of underhanded acts of violence, including sneaky assassinations, but they still preferred to rely on war technology to win frontal assaults. 

The Dolgrimites were even more extreme. They just beat the hell out of each other until one of the fighters stopped moving... sometimes permanently.

Later, Unarin and the others returned to their base. After they arrived, Randis bowed its head.

"This one wishes to express its gratitude, Unarin. Thanks to you, we were able to smoothly avenge the death of our friend. Our heart is moved by your generosity."

Unarin pulled down its mask, revealing its red head once again. "There is no need for thanks. We are comrades. We stand together in order to lift one another up. Besides, I wanted those thugs dead just the same as you. It wasn't even a favor. I would have done it myself if you hadn't come along."

"Nevertheless, this one is deeply appreciative. If in the future if you should ever need a favor, this one will respond to the call."

Randis bowed, then left. After that, Unarin was alone with Muuxunuu again.

"How many have you killed in the past?" Muuxunuu asked.

"I don't keep track. Probably fifty or so." Unarin replied.

"Mmm. This one has not killed as many as you. This one had only killed ten enemies before tonight. This one always tried not to kill unless ordered by a higher Changeling. This one believes murder and killing are... not ideal."

"You didn't have to come along." Unarin pointed out.

"Perhaps not, but you did save this one from harm by warning this one about that hotel owner. It was only right to repay you for that favor."

Unarin chuckled. "Haha... let us speak of this matter no more. I'm tired, and I'm going to sleep. Good night, Muuxunuu."

"Good night, Unarin." Muuxunuu said, bowing its head while pressing its palms together respectfully.

The two split apart and returned to their respective rooms. Unarin meditated to calm its emotions after the hectic night, then it went to sleep.

...

The next morning, Unarin awoke, consumed a simple and plain bowl of nutrients, then sat in its room meditating. At some point, Randis showed up and knocked before entering.

"Greetings, and good news." Randis said. "This one has found a fellow Changeling in a northern zone. That Changeling informed us that they possessed knowledge of how to unlock the memories within a Featureless One. So long as we pay them a visit, we should be able to unlock your missing knowledge."

Unarin smiled. "Many thanks, Randis. When shall we head over there?"

"We can do so now, if you wish. This one is presently unoccupied." Randis suggested.

And so, they did. Naturally, as soon as they were about to leave, Muuxunuu popped out and joined them. The trio were becoming fast friends, even if two of the three did not show major outward emotions on the subject.

After donning spiffy suits that made them look like professional scientists and observers, the three departed the underground area and headed toward the northern area, where more Changelings lived. Unlike Randis's enclave, the northern one was not underground. It was a professional facility that was built aboveground, and one of three major hubs on Reldis where Changelings held a certain level of prestige. The Northern Research Lab was a place that, at present, researched exobeasts on the surface, but also those damned vines. They were everywhere, and until the Volgrim learned how to control them, valuable resources had to be diverted toward uncovering their biological weaknesses.

"Unarin, this one wishes to know what you planned to do on Reldis." Randis stated after they had walked some distance away from their underground home. "What are your plans for the future?"

Unarin touched its chin thoughtfully. "I'm not sure. I felt stifled on Volgarius. The Changelings there followed a strict hierarchy. It bothered me a lot. I came here to... escape."

"A strict hierarchy is not so bad." Randis retorted. "Everyone knows who they are and where they stand. Not like here. On Reldis, we Changelings often juggle multiple roles at once. For example, this one is a hated failure and a prestigious researcher at the same time. The Technopaths hate this one, but its fellow Changelings get along well with it."

"That statement is not unique to Volgarius." Muuxunuu said quietly. "Even on Volgarius, an individual can have multiple roles. What Unarin is referring to is... the sense of belonging to a role that being in a hierarchy enforces. Such strictness leaves little room for individuality."

Unarin looked at Muuxunuu in surprise. "Did you feel the same way on Volgarius?"

"Indeed." Muuxunuu answered. "This one was often shunted off to perform menial tasks. This one felt they had potential that was being overlooked. This one wanted to expand their horizons and learn more about what sorts of things we Changelings could achieve."

Unarin smiled. "Then perhaps together, we can-"

The red Changeling paused. All three of them came to a stop when they saw a group of Enforcers hustling toward them with weapons drawn.

"You there! Don't move!" The Lead Enforcer, a heavily augmented fellow with grey skin shouted.

The Changelings froze. Randis's heart skipped a beat as it realized they might be in trouble for the murders they committed last night. Had someone seen them? Had a stray camera caught them fleeing the scene?

The Lead Enforcer growled gruffly. He slowed to a walk, then stomped toward the trio, his eyes fixed on Unarin.

"Scan the red and pink one!" The Lead Enforcer said.

A subordinate strode forward and waved a scanner over Unarin, then over Muuxunuu.

"It's them. Unarin and Muuxunuu, from the 11-ALX. They arrived on the previous rotation."

The Lead Enforcer snarled viciously. "You thieves! How dare you take what isn't yours!"

Unarin blinked. As far as Unarin could remember, it had not stolen anything at all.

"I am confused. What theft do you speak of?" Unarin asked. "We have stolen nothing."

"Don't play stupid with me! You shitlings are always stealing!" The Lead Enforcer shouted, taking a step forward and raising his fist threateningly.

Unarin flinched. It couldn't be helped. A single punch from the Lead Enforcer would absolutely kill any Changeling, and it would probably hurt like hell too. Unarin did not recoil in fear, but Muuxunuu and Randis did.

"Tell us where you put the Exigent-13!" The Lead Enforcer shouted. "You were not authorized to acquire any of that substance!"

Unarin's eyes widened slightly. "That substance was given to us by Captain Goldis! We did not steal it!"

The Lead Enforcer sneered. "As if any self-respecting Technopath would hand out such a precious substance so easily. Lieutenant Trivald! Is the substance inside his body?"

He turned to look at his subordinate, Lieutenant Trivald, who shook his head. "No, Commander Kordal. I didn't detect any Exigent-13 inside the Changeling, or on its person."

Kordal smiled cruelly. He turned to tower over Unarin and the other two and leveled his weapon at them. "Well, sounds like you shitlings are in luck! You didn't inject it yet! Take us to where you hid it and return the substance immediately! If you don't, I'll kill you on the spot!"

It was true. Even though Goldis had given Unarin the syringe with Exigent-13 to become ageless, Unarin hadn't injected itself yet. Neither had Muuxunuu. Their reasoning was simple; They didn't know if the substance was safe and without side effects, and they were in no particular rush. They were still young and in no danger of dying of old age. Better to wait until the official release, when it had been more thoroughly tested.

"The Exigent-13 was a gift." Unarin repeated. "We did not steal it."

"Are you talking back to me, fool?! Have you got a death wish? Little pathetic piece of trash shitlings like you had better do as they're told, or suffer the full consequences!"

The Commander hated being 'disrespected'. Without hesitation, he sent a slap flying Unarin's way and slammed the Changeling to the ground. In a single light blow, Unarin went sprawling, a visible imprint left on his face. The other two Changelings jumped in fright. They quickly knelt down to try and help Unarin up, but Unarin's body was already badly injured. The red Changeling could not even stand up on its own.

"Uhh... uhh..." Unarin groaned, its vision swimming.

"You two want to join in on the fun? No? Then take us to the Exigent-13 now!" Kordal spat.

And so, like that, the Changelings bowed their heads, picked up Unarin, and stumbled back toward the underground base. Their arrival, along with Enforcers, caused a terrible uproar. Many Changelings swarmed the area, enraged, but Kordal stood fearless in front of them. With ten other armored and powered Enforcers at his side, he could kill a thousand Changelings without blinking. They might offer the Technopaths some scientific assistance, but if the Changelings didn't stay in line, killing a bunch of them would be no problem at all.

Thus, Unarin and Muuxunuu had no choice but to hand over the Exigent-13 they had been given as a gift. Once the Commander had the serums in his hands, he smiled cruelly.

"This is contraband no shitling should ever possess. Lieutenant, what is the punishment for smuggling Class B narcotics?"

"A minimum of two hundred rotations in a Class B prison, with a maximum punishment multiplying up to ten based on the degree of the crime, sir!" Lieutenant Trivald immediately answered.

"Well, I'd say we can let these two off _easy_." Kordal said. "Two hundred rotations is a nice, light punishment for the likes of them! Come along then, you two shitling thieves!"

Under the despairing eyes of the other Changelings, Unarin and Muuxunuu were dragged off, and Randis was left behind.

"Please, please, mercy!" Randis begged. "They did not know! Do not place them inside prison!"

"What was that? You want to join them?" Kordal sneered at Randis. "Then congratulations! As an accessory to theft, it seems you're going to get a minimum of sixty rotations alongside them!"

Like this, Randis was manhandled and dragged along, with cuffs slapped onto the Changeling's tiny, frail wrists. All three were led off, with Psymin Miralax and the others watching with helpless, fiery eyes filled with hatred.

They could do nothing. The Enforcers were simply too powerful. The three Changelings were on their own now. Perhaps, if they survived the harshness of the prison, they could return to a sense of normalcy afterward. But unfortunately, the laws were unfair on Reldis. They were unfair everywhere. Depending on which species ran a planet, all the other subspecies would be punished much more heavily for even the most minor of crimes, and the Technopaths were the cruelest of them all. The Psions were considered somewhat fair by comparison.

Unarin's head continued to swim. It was in such bad shape from that one light slap that it seemed as if Unarin would keel over and die sooner rather than later.

It took a standard time-unit or two, but eventually Unarin, Muuxunuu, and Randis were all brought to a prison on the south side of the city. It was a large complex, with three underground levels that were subdivided into minimum security, medium security, and high security.

The top level was almost entirely devoted to imprisoned Changelings. It was the minimum security area, with light defenses, and was constructed of fairly ordinary materials. Because Changelings were so slender, the bars on prison cells were much closer together to prevent them from compressing their bodies and slipping out.

The middle level was where the medium security convicts were placed. Few Changelings were placed there, and among them were only the most dangerous and heinous of criminals. Much more common were the empowered Technopaths who had heavy street-level body augmentations. The medium security wing was constructed of fortified materials that even strong Technopaths couldn't escape.

The bottom level was the high security wing. No Changelings were ever put down there. Only the most vicious and cutthroat Technopaths were imprisoned there, often in fullbody restraints to limit their movement. These Technopaths were often ex-military, professional pirates, and wealthy gang members. They could afford top-of-the-line body mods. They had access to pocket dimensions and all sorts of other high technology. These mods were buried so deeply in their bodies that extracting them would kill the Technopaths, so those mods could only be disabled; not removed entirely. In theory, the High Security wing could even imprison low-level Psions, but nobody wanted to stress-test that assumption.

Thus, when the three newcomers arrived, they were scared senseless. Or at least Muuxunuu and Randis were. Unarin was at death's door. Its body was in terrible condition. With a severe head wound, it was likely to have suffered internal bleeding.

Luckily, Technopath doctors were miracle workers. The Commander chuckled when he saw Unarin being carted off to the surgery ward on arrival.

"Stupid. There's no point in fixing that bastard. You two, throw the pink and black one in minimum. Once that red one's all healed up, put it in maximum security. Any available cell will do!"

Lieutenant Trivald looked at Korvald in surprise. "But sir, the red one's crime doesn't nearly meet the level of maximum. If we put the Changeling in there, it will probably end up..."

Kordal frowned. He leaned toward Trivald and lowered his voice. "That's the _point_, nitwit. You've gotta keep these shitlings in line. Otherwise, they might resist orders more often, and then it becomes a _hassle_. Better to show them we mean business. Besides, this 'Unarin' isn't anyone important. It left the homeworld with no notable merits to its name. It has no base of support. Better to turn it into a warning for the others. Once its two friends get out, they'll spread the word, and other Changelings will lower their heads to us out of fear."

The Commander pulled away, then patted his Lieutenant's back. "You see how it all fits together? Gotta keep 'em scared. That way it's nice and easy to push them around while we hunt down the real players in the game."

As the two Technopath Enforcers walked away, Trivald looked at his boss. "By the way, did you hear about the Thumper Gang? Seems someone cut them apart last night."

"That's the life of a thug. You always die eventually." Kordal chuckled.

After the two of them left, Unarin was placed inside a healing chamber. A flood of nutrient-rich medical liquid revitalized the red Changeling's injuries and restored clarity to its mind. Then, when Unarin awoke, it was shipped down to the maximum security level, where the most vicious and vile criminals were left to rot.

As Unarin walked between a pair of prison guards, its expression became somewhat wary. No matter how emotionless Unarin acted, the truth was, it knew it would die at some point in the near future. The Technopaths inside these cells might have their movements restricted, but once everyone was let out for light exercise, someone would be sure to kill Unarin just for existing and being weak.

"This is your cell, Inmate C-1175. You'd better remember it. Free roam time is 1200. That time ends at 1300. If you're not back in your cell by then, you will suffer full consequences."

Unarin's heart clamped up when the Changeling arrived in front of a cell which opened up to reveal a vicious-looking Technopath inside. Before Unarin could even get a good look at its cell-mate, it was pushed inside, and the door closed behind it.

The guards did not even bother to introduce Unarin to its cell-mate. There was no point. Unarin was certain to be dead within a few standard time-units... assuming its cell-mate didn't want to play with its food.

Unarin was put in high security to _die_. There was no other reason behind its imprisonment. Even an idiot could tell that much.

Standing there, in the cell, Unarin's gaze fell on the Technopath in the room. He was an ugly fellow. Withered, yellow skin. Rotted pustules covered his body's surface. It was evident he had been in the prison a long, long time. Perhaps for ten or more orbits...

The Technopath looked at Unarin. He spread his mouth open in a facsimile of a smile, but his face was truly disgusting. His teeth were all rotted and sticking out in different directions. His eyes were haggard.

Unarin blinked. When looking at this Technopath, somehow, Unarin did not feel fear. Instead, it felt... pity.

"I am Unarin." Unarin said calmly. "What name may I address you by, cell-mate?"

"Haaah..." The Technopath wheezed, coughing weakly. "What use is there in names? You know you're dead, yes? I won't hurt you, Changeling. Don't worry. But the others will. They will kill you... like they did the ones before you. Like they do all my cellmates... haaaah..."

The Technopath's eyes filled with tears of pain, and he coughed quietly several times. Unarin could tell at a glance that the Technopath suffered from a terrible respiratory infection.

"All the same, even if our time together is short, I would prefer not to refer to you as 'you'." Unarin said. The Changeling walked over and sat on the ground, its back against the wall, looking up at the mottled yellow Technopath.

"I was somebody important, once." The Technopath coughed. "I had a name. Status. Power. But that was so, so long ago. Now I have nothing. They imprisoned me for speaking my mind. They're scared, you know. Scared that someone might get a good idea."

The Technopath coughed again.

"Unarin. Let me give you a piece of advice. If you want to make enemies... try to change something."

"What did you try to change?" Unarin asked.

The Technopath chuckled. "I saw things. Things that would someday come to pass. They called me a lunatic. A madman. They sentenced me to rot down here until there was nothing left of me. But I know what I saw. I know _who_ I saw. If those things came to pass, it would mean the end of the current Order. And that scared a lot of people. Scared them enough to want me _gone_."

The Technopath looked at Unarin sitting on the ground. He smiled, revealing his crooked, rotten teeth.

"My name is Vedric. Former Vizier of Father Zaeed's Temple."

"Vedric." Unarin repeated, bowing its head and pressing its palms together in greeting. "Whether we are friends for a time unit or an eternity, that does not matter. I only hope we will end our lives still as friends."

"Well said." Vedric said, his tone gentle. "I think I might even end up liking you."