Part 149: The Infinity King

Uzziel swims through the ground like a freakish, winged land-shark. Her speed puts Artorias, the swiftest of Burrowers, to shame. Every few minutes, she travels to the surface to orient herself before diving underground and continuing on her way.

_The longer it takes for me to reach him, the greater our losses! I can't let my family perish under the might of the demon army!_

A sizable forest appears before Uzziel. She swims beneath it and bursts out of the ground five seconds later somewhere near one of Heaven's several cities. Small buildings made of wood and brick line a simple paved street, but she turns left, toward a small mountain in the distance, one that is perhaps only a few hundred feet high.

As she draws near, its name appears in my mind. _Outcast's Refuge,_ a hastily constructed prison for the Undying. 

Thousands of cages lie scattered across a wide, open field, each one designed by Camael two thousand years prior to contain the Undying and prevent their escape.

Enchanted steel bars enclose each undead angel so they can't escape. Despite this, they sit on soft beds and appear content to stay inside where they can't hurt the living among their family.

Uzziel strides into the camp. Her eyes sweep around the cages as she scans for one in particular.

_Hercules. Where is the Titan's cage?_

The prison sits at the base of a mountain, and a wall surrounds it, as if squeezing the imprisoned angels between a rock and a hard place. Uzziel walks past one cage and speaks to the Undying trapped within. "Brother Hui, where are we keeping the Titan locked up?"

The male angel sighs. "Haah. On the north side of the mountain."

His blackened eyes lower to the ground, and he resumes poking the grass with his feet.

Uzziel stares at him, and a look of concern crosses her face. "Art... art thou feeling unwell, Brother Hui?"

He nods. "I apologize, beloved sister. All the cherubs left to travel to the frontlines. Since I cannot go... I am in low spirits. Do not mind me. Everyone here feels the same."

He glances past Uzziel, toward a row of cages where several male and female Undying pace around, do pullups on the bars of their cages, or otherwise perform other mindless movements to try and relieve their boredom. All of them appear agitated, but none vocalize their annoyance out loud.

"I understand. I have come to seek Hercules' help. The battle against the demons is... it is not as one-sided as we would have liked."

"Naturally," Hui replies, a hint of bitterness in his voice. "Do not delay, sister. If thou art here instead of the battlefield, that means we lack our best healer to revive our brothers and sisters on the bloodskins. Please return post-haste."

"Aye," Uzziel replies.

The Archangel flaps her wings and takes off. As she soars over the mountain, the mile or two to Hercules' cage vanishes in the blink of an eye.

_With Valac dead, Raphael should have ordered the release of the Undying, but he didn't. Hercules confirmed Valac's death when he peered into Satan's memories. Surely, with proof that Valac perished, we shouldn't need to keep capable cherubs and seraphs away from the frontlines!_

The moment Uzziel crests the peak of the mountain; her eyes sweep across the cages surrounding it. She spots Hercules' cell instantly, as his stands ten feet taller than those around him. Given his immense size, reaching Gabriel's height, Camael must have forged his to give him extra room to move and stretch.

The Archangel soars down and lands beside Hercules' cage. Immediately, she takes in the sight of an untouched animal-skin filled with wine placed beside his enclosure.

_Who left this here, I wonder?_

Uzziel ignores it and raises her eyes to stare at Hercules. The Titan sits on his bed, both hands folded together on his lap, with his head lolled forward. He stares blankly at the ground, but even with his black hair falling over his face, the eerie glowing of his eyes is hard to miss.

"Ahem!"

Uzziel coughs to get the Titan's attention. After several seconds, Hercules blinks and raises his head. His eyes return to normal, and he stares at her for a moment.

"Earthmother. What do you want?"

Despite his blank expression, Hercules' words drip with disdain.

Uzziel bites her lip. She gestures to the lock on his cell door. "I've... I've come to free thee, Hercules! Right now, the demons are invading Heaven. We need every able-bodied warrior there to stop them. Since thou hath nearly defeated the demons on thy own, thou art surely an asset which shouldn't be locked-"

Hercules raises his palm.

"No. I refuse."

"Huh?"

Uzziel blinks. She stares at him in disbelief.

"I don't understand... I hadn't finished speaking. If thou stayeth here, the demons might overrun us! Surely, whatever thy quarrel is with the angels, setting it aside would be for the best! Thy people need thee!"

Hercules shakes his head. He crosses his arms and sighs. "No. I won't leave this cell unless my father comes and grovels on his knees for forgiveness. Even then, such a meaningless gesture would be too little to absolve him of his sins."

"Ah. Am I correct in assuming thy anger rests solely with thy father's actions, rather than those of the angels?"

Hercules purses his lips. "I wouldn't presume that your people are blameless. _You_ created the demons, after all. You unleashed them upon Earth. My father's failure came when he failed to support me in my time of need. Yours was creating the enemy that killed my wife. If anything, your sin and his are like the distance between the sun and the Moon."

"I did not 'unleash' anyone, _Titan_."

"You created Satan, you loosed him from Heaven, and he killed Megara. Therefore, you are at least partially to blame for her death."

"Certainly, but 'twas not my intention. Thy father believes that soul manipulation is evil, yet thou dids't disobey his orders and unleash thy power against the demons. Given thou hath suffered a catastrophic failure, in the same vein as mine, how can thou looketh upon me with scorn? Were not both of our intentions fair?"

Hercules narrows his eyes. "Do not twist my words, she-angel. I am in no mood for mind-games."

"My people are dying, as are thine!" Uzziel yells in exasperation. "I care not for thy temper tantrums! Lives are at stake! Now is no time to stand on ceremony! If anyone is committing wordplay here, it is thee!"

Several seconds pass before Hercules speaks again.

"If you feel that way, then leave. I'm staying in my cell until you defeat the demons, or my father comes to beg for forgiveness. Otherwise, I will kill the red rats when they arrive."

Uzziel sighs. 

"Tch... I understand. In that case, it would appear we've arrived at an impasse. If I cannot convince thee to battle the demons, then I have wasted my time in coming here."

Hercules's expression remains impassive. "Aye. It would seem so."

The Archangel and Titan stare each other down for several seconds. Finally, Uzziel turns away, unable to meet Hercules's gaze. "I cannot force thy hand. However, if the demons slaughter all of my people and thine, thou shalt be unable to stand up to them alone. Thou shalt die, leaving thy wife unavenged. Is that the path thou plan to walk?"

Hercules shifts on his bed. He glances at an adjacent cell, one with an Undying angel watching both speakers silently. The male angel looks away when he meets Hercules' eyes, causing the Titan to return his gaze to Uzziel.

"Have you so little faith in your comrades, Earthmother? Do you honestly believe that they will fall before the might of demonkind?"

Uzziel narrows her eyes. "I do not wish to take any risks. The demons have grown more powerful than ever. Thou might know this if ye stepped foot outside thy cell."

Hercules smiles and rises to his feet. "The deaths of angels and Titans are none of my concern. In the end, I know that our people will triumph during today's battle. Were I to lead our united forces, the angels and Titans would be guaranteed an overwhelming victory. However, without me, they will survive only by the slimmest of threads."

The Archangel of Creation stares at the Titan towering over her with a mixture of awe and disgust. "Thou would... thou would allow so many to die? For what purpose? Why not save as many lives as possible?!"

Hercules gestures toward Uzziel with an upraised palm. "For a tree to grow, the weeds choking its ground must first wither and die. In the same way, ancient traditions have rotted my people from the inside-out. By creating the demons, you summoned forth an instrument of destruction that would eliminate those who perpetuated wasteful, failed doctrines. Even if millions of angels and Titans fall, some will remain. We will rebuild, and from the ashes, a superior civilization will rise."

Uzziel eyes widen in horror at the implications of Hercules' speech. "Th-that's genocide!" 

"Don't be facetious," Hercules says. He flippantly waves his hand as if to dismiss her concerns. "I am not killing anyone, but instead, leaving them to their own devices. After all, if they believe my powers to be cursed, who am I to step in and help them? I would not go so far as to sully the _honor_ of other beings, especially those with greater _authority_ than me."

Sarcasm punctuates several words as Hercules inflects heavily on them over others. He waggles his finger at the Archangel, then plops back down on his bed and leans back against his cage's bars.

"In any case, I'm done explaining myself. Why stay here? You won't persuade me to leave, not in a million years. Leave, now, and return to your comrades. If you're lucky, you might save a few thousand of them. That would be quite the stroke of good luck, wouldn't you agree?"

Uzziel sighs.

"Thou art hopeless. I've wasted time and precious lives to come here and ask for thy help. In the end, I neither learned nor gained anything of value. No matter how today's battle concludes, I assure thee, Hercules, that I will never respect or bow before a king who allows his subjects to die. That is the difference between thy father and thee."

The Archangel of Creation turns her back to Hercules once again. Uzziel flaps her wings, but before she takes off, she pauses.

"Hm? Brother Long? What is the matter?"

Uzziel's gaze rests on a cell across from Hercules'. The Undying angel inside stands stiffly at attention. His body twitches, and he stares at her with his pure black eyes.

"Some... something... is... wrong... I... can't move..."

Behind Uzziel, in the cage directly adjacent Hercules', the male angel from before sits on his bed, unmoving. He stares ahead at the bars of his cage, but his body, too, is as stiff as Long's.

"S-sister... I can't control myself... it's as if... as if..."

Hercules slowly rises from his bed. His cocky smirk vanishes as he evaluates the two Undying.

"These two aren't the only ones acting strangely. The others are, as well. That... that can only mean..."

A spark of recognition ignites in Hercules's eyes.

"Impossible. Satan killed Valac. I saw the moment in his memories. No demon could survive an intense burst of Holy Energy directly to their soul."

"No! Thou can't mean-?!"

Uzziel whirls to face Hercules. All the blood drains from her face as their eyes meet.

"Did not thou witness Valac perish with thy own eyes?!"

"No. I only saw his death through Satan's mem- AH! Look out!"

Hercules jerks toward Uzziel, but he's too slow. An Undying in a cage behind Uzziel suddenly throws himself against the bars, sticks his arms through, and grabs Uzziel by her wings.

"Ahh!" Uzziel shrieks in fright as the Undying yanks her backward and wraps his arm around her throat. "B-brother Long?!"

"I can't control my body, sister! Fight me! Don't allow me to kill thee!"

Brother Long's arm tightens around Uzziel's neck. She writhes and wriggles, but only when she summons her vines is she able to wrench away from him by pulling with their tensile strength.

"Gah!" Uzziel stumbles away from him and falls to her knees. Everywhere in the prison, many Undying begin throwing themselves against their cages, one after the other. They smash against the bars like wild animals, unable to prevent themselves from harming their bodies.

"Ah! My wrist! I broke my wrist!"

"Sister, help me! A voice is commanding me to fight and kill! I don't want to murder my family members!"

Hercules stiffens as he gazes upon the sudden carnage engulfing the prison camp. He sweeps his eyes around the perimeter, and a moment later, he lowers his head to stare at Uzziel.

"Damn. I did not expect the Reaper to return. This... this changes everything."

Uzziel nods. She shivers from the remnants of terror still leftover from when Long grabbed her, but quickly manages to right herself and jump to her feet.

"I must go, Hercules! There's no time for bargaining! I'll unlock thy cage, and thou must-"

"No need," Hercules grunts. He walks forward, wraps a meaty palm around the enchanted iron, and tears one of the bars away as if it were paper. Five more follow, and a few moments later, he emerges from his makeshift cell as if he'd never been inside.

"Huh? Thou... thou were able to leave? From the beginning?"

"Of course. Such flimsy metal is no match for my strength. More importantly, I have to change my plans. If Valac has truly returned, then our narrow victory will surely become an overwhelming defeat. If the dead begin returning to life, they will rapidly overpower the angels and Titans."

Hercules takes a step forward. His massive, gorilla-like body dominates Uzziel's by a factor of three. Silently, he reaches over and places his hand on her shoulder. "Earthmother. I need your help."

"Mine? W-why? To what end?"

"Forget everything I said before. Ruling over the remnants of angelkind and Titankind is one thing, but if Valac is here, everyone will perish. I need your permission to remove Valac's control from the Undying."

Uzziel blinks. "I... I don't follow."

"I call my ability 'Army Control.' If someone accepts me as their leader, I gain total control of their minds and bodies. I have yet to test this, but I believed that my Soul Manipulation might possess the power to take back control of the souls of the Undying. If you permit me, I might be able to free your brothers and sisters from their despair."

Uzziel takes a step backward. "I... I don't know... that sounds dangerous! What reason have I to trust thee?"

"I am many things, Earthmother, but I am no enemy of angelkind, nor my people. Would you prefer Valac to control your brothers and sisters, or me? I can grant them freedom from his oppression, but only if you help me!"

Uzziel staggers backward. She stares into the passionate eyes of the behemoth towering over her, and dozens of questions flood her mind.

_What should I do? I can't trust Hercules! But if I don't, then Valac will make my family hurt each other! I have to do something! I can't let anyone else die!_

Uzziel bites her lip. After a few seconds of thought, a female Undying cries out in pain. Uzziel whirls around to see one of the male Undying clutching the woman by her throat, slowly strangling the life out of her.

"S-sister Vera! I can't stop squeezing! I can't fight it!!"

Tears form in the man's eyes as he slowly crushes his sister's neck into pulp. She leans toward him, as if eager to die. Despite her lack of bodily resistance, her face contorts in agony. "Please! Fight back, brother! Kahk! I... I can't... b-breathe..."

Uzziel jumps as Hercules grabs and squeezes her shoulder. "Answer me, Archangel! Will you let your sister die?! Tell me now, before it's too late!"

With the Titan breathing down her back, and the sudden chaos in the camp, Uzziel grits her teeth and closes her eyes. "A-alright! Do it! I give thee permission! Save everyone!"

"Good! I'll start with that one!"

Hercules quickly pushes past Uzziel and charges toward the Undying crushing his sister's throat. "You there! Swear fealty to me at once! I will free you from Valac's control!"

The male angel panics. "I-I can't do that! Never in a million years! Sister Vera! I'm trying to fight back, but-"

"You can't resist the call of the Reaper!" Hercules yells. He tears two cage bars off, hunkers down, and grabs the male Undying. With a quick motion, Hercules yanks him toward the opposite side of his cell, freeing Sister Vera from her brother's clutches. "Swear fealty, and I shall free you from his voice!"

"Do it!" Uzziel yells.

She runs over to Hercules side and faces her undead brother. "Place thy faith in Hercules! Only he can free thee from the clutches of the Reaper!"

The man turns to stare at his sister, the Archangel, in shock.

"But, brother Raphael will-"

"He'll do nothing! I am one of the Archangels! Obey me, Brother Klim! I won't let anyone here die!"

Klim stares at Uzziel for a moment before his arms begin flailing frantically. He tries to grab Hercules, but the Titan easily pins him to the ground with a single palm.

"Yes! Very well, I'll follow thy orders, sister Uzziel! Hercules, son of Zeus, I pledge my fealty to thee!"

The instant the words leave Klim's mouth, his flailing ceases. Hercules's eyes glow for a moment, as do Klim's. The blackness of death leaves his body, and he sags against the ground.

Klim gasps as all the tension in his body vanishes.

"I... I don't believe it. I feel... normal."

Hercules nods. He pulls back and steps out of the cage, then sighs in relief.

"Thank the ancestors. I wasn't certain that would work."

"Thou weren't?!" Uzziel cries out in alarm. "But, I thought ye said-"

"I had a hunch. I guessed how Valac's powers worked based on the memories of humans, Titans, and demons. There's no time to waste. Quickly, we must make the others pledge their allegiance."

Uzziel nods. A faint smile crosses her face. "Right! Ah, I apologize, Hercules. I did not realize thou were such a brilliant thinker. To save my brothers from bondage at the hands of the Reaper... I owe thee a great debt."

Hercules smiles. Something about his expression appears off, but I can't discern what. "Worry not, Earthmother. I always keep my word."

...

Minutes pass. Uzziel calls out to the Undying and commands them to swear fealty to Hercules. Once those who follow her commands regain control of their bodies, news spreads swiftly around the camps. Within ten minutes, every single Undying loses the blackened color in their eyes. They pour out of their cages, freed by both Hercules and Uzziel, as he rips the cages to shreds while she picks the locks with her vines.

"Everyone is here!" Uzziel cries out cheerfully. She and Hercules fly and climb to the top of the mountain, along with several hundred of the Undying. "Thou hath saved them, Hercules!"

Hercules brushes off his shirt. His expression darkens as he forces himself to smile at Uzziel. "Aye. Without your command, I doubt the Undying would have willingly sworn fealty to a Titan. You helped me tremendously."

"I deserve very little praise," Uzziel says, blushing. "Now is no time for idle words! Come, we must return to the battlefield and- eeyah!"

The Archangel of Creation cries out in surprise as Hercules suddenly reaches out and slaps her backside, sending her tumbling to the ground. A moment later, he jumps on top of her and wrenches both of her arms around. She cries out in pain as he subdues her before she can react. "Ahh! Gods! Hercules, what art thou doing?! Stop at once!"

"I'm afraid I can't do that," Hercules murmurs. "Because of Valac, I'll have to accelerate my plans. Swear fealty to me, Earthmother, or I'll kill you right here."

Uzziel stops struggling. She tilts her head so she can stare at the Titan crouched atop her back. "But... then... from the beginning... thou intended to..."

"I did. Believe me, Earthmother. I do not wish to harm a single angel or Titan. Demons are my only enemy. However, I alone have the power to unite our forces. Anyone who does not bow before me is my enemy. That includes _you._"

Several Undying step closer. Uzziel tilts her head up. "Brother Long! Brother Klim! Help me! The Titan is going to kill me! He's..."

She trails off. 

Each of the Undying stare at her, creepy smiles plastered across their faces. Their eyes glow, and they hold up their hands as if to say, _we will not interfere._

"Brother... Klim...? No... no! Don't tell me... they..."

"Your brothers serve a new master now," Hercules says. His voice turns deadly calm as he slowly wraps one massive finger around her neck. "Now tell me, Earthmother. What is your answer?"