Part 391: The Respected

_Tarus II. At the base of the Lazarus Tower._

Two weeks after Jason and Kordonis take their leave to travel to Volgarius, the people he left behind don't remain idle. They continue working, building up humanity's base of power while also pursuing their long-term strategic goals.

Phoebe Hiro stands atop a recently constructed speaker platform, along with a pair of other women, those two being Belial and Blinker. The fairy queen stands at her human-sized height, having transformed for the sake of this special occasion.

Behind those three stand three powerful winged figures, the Archangels Uriel, Michael, and Gabriel. These three grant a certain legitimacy to the upcoming ceremony, one which over a million people gather to watch in person.

In front of the platform, the city's center stands jam-packed with humans and monsters, plus a few handfuls of allied demons. However, not one demon from the Seven Hells is allowed to watch in person, due to the significance of this ceremony; the revival of those who fell during Stormbringer.

The ceremony is not only viewable in person by almost a million people, but innumerable television screens strewn across Tarus II's surface allow all the others to watch, too. Already, enough aboveground and underground houses have been made for the humans to all have an abode of their own, plus tens of thousands more have been built, creating a huge circle of infrastructure around the Fortress of Retribution's outer perimeter. Many people stand inside of recently-built public areas, watching the proceedings and chattering excitedly as they wait for the Hero's Wife to begin.

Phoebe Hiro stands before the audience without a podium or a microphone. Thanks to Blinker's magic arrays, her voice can project to every corner of the audience evenly, so long as she stands in her current position. She wears a formal green dress, something slim but professional that makes her look like a true leader of humanity.

In the front areas of the audience, Neil Adams stands, along with General Chadwick and dozens of other important members of humanity's leadership. Among them is also Kiari, the Emperor of Pestilence. She smiles cutely and quietly waggles her fingers at Belial, who also exchanges a faint smile back.

"Everyone." Phoebe says, her voice projecting outward with an air of authority. "We have toiled for well over a month. Thanks to the efforts of countless humans, monsters, and our new allies among the demons, we have managed to rebuild Tarus II to be mightier than ever! We have enough housing not only for all the people who lived here before Stormbringer, but those who have joined us afterward. That includes all of our rescued friends from the Seven Hells!"

Several cheers go up among the crowd, most of them belonging to the rescued slaves who have begun to assimilate into the Wordsmith's world and rules.

"But until this moment, "Phoebe continues, "we have not been able to bring back those dearly departed who fell during Stormbringer. That changes today! Today, we will begin reviving the fallen at random. I have already posted the list of souls we've rescued, and as such, you already know who we can and cannot bring back."

Phoebe's voice lowers an octave.

"Many of us will once again see those who matter most to us. Others will not. My little girl, Daisy... she is not among the fallen. Her soul was destroyed by Beelzebub's detonation, along with the souls of countless others. Once we have finished reviving all of the fallen, we will take those who attacked us and put them to trial! Any demon or monster who followed Ose's orders will receive their moment of reckoning. Our punishments will be both fair and fitting. For those who killed, their punishment will be death! For those who tortured, raped, or mutilated one of ours, their punishment will only be slightly less permanent!"

Phoebe speaks with confidence, knowing the Hidden Emperors won't say anything in response. They are already aware of the punishments Ose's lackeys are due to receive. In their eyes, even if the formerly lauded Duke of Inferno ends up killed by the humans, so what? He isn't their minion. Even if he were, the loss of one Duke would prove trivial compared to their recent gains earned working for the humans.

Ultimately, sacrificing a few peons means nothing to them. Even if their prestige takes a minor hit, the memory will fade within a short period of time.

Phoebe continues.

"We still do not have enough houses to place all of the resurrected. Additionally, the amount of magical energy we can spend at a time is somewhat limited. For the sake of efficiency, I will have to resurrect people in groups, batches, and bunches. Resurrecting all of them at once would cost us more than we can afford, and so, I will have to ask all of you to continue tirelessly building homes for our soon-to-return veterans. They will be lost, confused, and disoriented by the revival process. Treat them lovingly, for their deaths allowed the rest of us to survive! They are heroes, just as much as our two Wordsmiths are!"

The crowd erupts in cheers again!

This time, many people become misty-eyed as they realize that, within the hour, they will be able to meet with their fallen brethren for the first time since their disappearances.

Unspoken by Phoebe are the words everyone already knows. More than a million people can never be brought back, as their souls fueled Mephisto's rise. He devoured the departed to boost his own strength.

Perhaps, Phoebe sighs, he may have even done the same to her daughter...

Phoebe lightly touches her womb, where the stirrings of a new life continue to grow. She smiles faintly, then continues with her speech, delivering a few final remarks before turning to face the center of the platform.

She, Belial, and Blinker stand on one side of the platform. The three Archangels stand on the other side.

A flash of light surges from the base of the Lazarus Tower upward, racing to its peak. The moment it arrives, it fires into the upper atmosphere, transforming into a beam of blue light.

All at once, a hundred beach-ball-sized orbs of mana rush out of the stream of energy. They fall to the ground below and lightly explode, revealing two-armed, two-legged figures within.

Naked men, women, and children materialize, with some of them on the stage, and some of them within the crowd. Audible gasps and screams of excitement erupt within the mass of people as they watch the crouched figures rise to their full heights, confusion apparent on their faces.

"Where am I?"

"What's happening?"

"Did we win against the demons?"

"Are the bad people gone?"

These first hundred Revived Ones, not quite the Lazarites of ancient times, but newly Arisen, have already been given an official name by Phoebe.

The Respected.

As veterans who lost their lives in service of humanity, they revive with brand new, powerful bodies, significantly superior to those they possessed when they previously walked the mortal plane. Empowered by the knowledge of Raphael and the ingenuity of Fiona, Blinker, and Belial, every single one of these people, even the children, return to the realm of the living with bodies capable of crushing steel with their bare hands.

While lacking angelic wings, they are, in every other respect, just as strong as the ancient Lazarites, if not mightier!

One man rises to his full height of six feet. His muscled body, naked and on full display to the crowd, causes a few gasps of delight not only among the ladies, but even some of the men, too.

Hurriedly, people wrap blankets around the bodies of The Respected. As they struggle to understand what is going on, Phoebe speaks from her central platform.

"Everyone! Remember your duty. You must inform The Respected of their new status, their abilities, and the goings-on that have transpired since their deaths. Show them the List of the Fallen so they may know who is next to return. This next phase rests in your hands!"

With the ceremony concluded, Phoebe activates the Lazarus Tower's internal mechanisms, allowing it to spawn more of The Respected as its energy reserves allow, on a regular schedule of a few thousand every several hours.

Then, she steps off the stage and takes her leave, heading through the crowd of onlookers while Belial and Blinker follow after her. At the same time, the Archangels take to the skies and fly away, heading back to their church to rest.

"Great speech!" Blinker chirps. "You did so good, I almost wanted to cry!"

The three women walk through the crowd, smiling politely at the people that spread apart for them, allowing their leader to escape the throng as she wishes.

"It was just a speech." Phoebe says. "No big deal."

Phoebe glances up at the sky, as if waiting for Jason to speak to her. However, he is still busy dealing with the First Founder. He won't be contacting her anytime soon.

After they depart the crowd, Phoebe and the girls walk over to Yamir's restaurant, where his protégés set them up with a private booth on the top floor and serve them anything they want. While Yamir himself is off on business with Jason, his secondary chefs are quite talented too and can cook up some delicious seafood, caught fresh from Tarus II's abundant seas.

Belial, who usually doesn't partake in human food, munches on a few fried fish, savoring the beer-battered taste and momentarily enjoying this little bit of human goodness.

"What next?" Belial asks. "Once everyone's brought back, I mean. There's the Stormbringer Tribunal, but then what?"

"After that..." Phoebe says, in between bites, "we will continue making incremental progress. I want to develop the Cube so it can become a viable home for humanity. I don't feel safe, having all of our people and assets on Tarus II's surface. Forgive me for being blunt, but I just don't trust those Hidden Emperors. Hope still isn't back yet, so who _knows_ if he's caught Yama and Mephisto or not..."

Seeing the troubled look on Phoebe's face, Blinker quickly changes the subject.

"Did you hear? My fairy friends showed up a couple of days ago. You remember Fairy Queen Fae? Well her daughter came here, like I hoped she would! Her name is Fairy Princess Melia. She also brought along a pair of friends, Saria and Ruto. They aren't princesses or anything, but they are her talented retainers. Each of them is an expert in different sorts of fairy magic."

"Oh, that's good to hear." Phoebe says. "Did they get to look at Amelia's idea for a soul-training formation yet?"

"Not yet. Actually, I've been having them look at the formations linking Tarus II to the cube." Blinker says. "Ruto is quite good at water-type formations, so she's already made some gains in improving the aquatic biome formation. Saria is working on the forest one, and Melia has simply been helping me deal with my baby-pains. It turns out I'm going to have triplets!"

"Triplets!" Phoebe exclaims with a smile. "When do you think you'll have them?"

"Right about the same time as you'll have yours." Blinker says. "We can raise our children together!"

"I'm sure Jason would like that." Phoebe laughs.

They continue eating their food and talking, but at some point, a man wearing a simple blue uniform strides upstairs and looks around, eventually placing his eyes on Phoebe's private booth, isolated by a magical barrier to protect her privacy.

He walks over and steps through the barrier, then drops to one knee.

"Lady Phoebe! I am... I am so glad to see you alive!"

Phoebe blinks in surprise. She glances at the man's earnest face and tries to puzzle out his identity.

"You look familiar but..."

"Forgive me! It is normal you would not recognize me. My name is Reginald. I was one of the troopers who accompanied you during Stormbringer."

"One of the troopers who accompanied me..." Phoebe repeats while frowning slightly. "Umm... I'm afraid I don't quite remember."

"That is understandable, my lady. I was tasked with protecting you after you had fallen comatose. Remember? You fought on the frontlines against the demons for two days and nights before ultimately collapsing to exhaustion. Myself and nineteen other troopers were tasked with rescuing and delivering you and your daughter to the last remaining Covenant ship. You were unconscious the whole time, so you never had a chance to meet me..."

Reginald pauses.

"But that isn't important. What is important is... I was just revived through the Lats-Zarus Tower, or whatever you call it. I just learned that your little girl was killed! Please forgive me, my lady. We could not protect her from that vile, evil demoness! I do not deserve to live!"

"Vile, evil demoness?" Phoebe repeats. "Ose is dead. There's no more need to bother with her. As for my daughter... sigh... she was not killed by Ose, but by Beelzebub. He will soon be tried for his war-crimes against our people."

Reginald pauses for a half-second.

"Ose? Beelzebub? No, no, I am not referring to either of them. I am referring to that vicious beast in female form! She attacked us from the darkness, struck down all of my fellow soldiers! Daisy tried to protect you, but she was too weak. I was too weak. We all were! I thought that she was the one who killed your daughter, but... perhaps I was wrong?"

Phoebe glances at Belial.

"Do... you know who he's talking about?"

Belial shrugs. "No clue."

Reginald frowns repeatedly, but an invisible light bulb pops up above his head.

"Ah! That's right! She was able to morph the appearance of her body. First, she took the form of a werewolf, one with fearsome strength. Then she transformed into a golden dragon. I don't know her identity, but I'll never forget the sound of her voice. Can you think of any demonesses capable of shifting their figure in such a manner?"

Belial frowns deeply. "Well, me, of course. But transformation into monsters isn't particularly rare. Agares could do it, plenty of other demons could too. Though, admittedly, turning into any sort of a dragon-variant would be pretty rare..."

Phoebe taps her chin. "I still have all the footage saved from every trooper's T-REX during Stormbringer. Yours would surely be in there, Reginald. What's your suit's command code?"

The man nods. He quickly spits out a flow of numbers and letters, which Phoebe types into a datapad at her side. A minute later, she pulls up all of its audio and video files, particularly the ones leading up to and just before his death.

For the first time, Phoebe observes a battle which took place during Stormbringer, one she overlooked until this very moment.

"That's Daisy?" Phoebe asks, visibly alarmed. "What incredible power... she actually managed to fight back against that demoness! But who is she? And why does her voice sound so familiar?"

Hardly have the words left Phoebe's mouth before Belial's eyes widen.

"Tarot card! She called out the name of a tarot card!"

"She did." Phoebe nods. "But... the only powerful demoness I can think of who is capable of doing such a thing would be..."

All at once, Belial, Phoebe and Blinker all look at one another in shock.

"...Mara!"

A wave of disgust washes across the Wordsmith's Wife's face. She sets the datapad down, visibly sickened by what she's just uncovered.

"Oh... oh my god. She killed Reginald, and all the other troopers who were protecting me. She nearly killed me, and Daisy too! That... that evil witch! How could she remain silent, all this time?!"

Belial appears even angrier. Hatred seethes within her chest.

"BITCH! That little **BITCH**! I... I gave her a power-up! I let her be the first to try out the Belial Booster! I made her a Duke, and she actually had the AUDACITY to take my gift while laughing at me from behind?!"

As if realizing something, Phoebe pulls up even more images from that period of time during Stormbringer. She triangulates Mara's position before she attacked Reginald and the other soldiers, then cross-compares them with troopers and other people who perished around that time.

Before long, she discovers something that makes her heart drop into the soles of her feet.

"Oh my god. Oh... oh my god."

"What is it?" Blinker asks, slightly panicked. She looks at the datapad in Phoebe's grasp, but can't make heads or tails of the map and diagrams it shows.

"The... the last covenant ship. Someone reported an unknown demonic entity attacked it. I wasn't able to uncover the perpetrator... but if I'm right... it was Mara! She destroyed the ship and killed hundreds of thousands of innocent civilians. There were... so many children on board..."

The table falls completely silent as Phoebe, Belial, Blinker, and Reginald imagine the last moments of those poor people before they were annihilated in an explosion of lightning and hellfire.

Belial stands up.

An expression of malice and hatred stretches across her face.

"Give me one hour. I'll find her. I'll teach that... that little _bitch_ the meaning of fear."

"Wait." Phoebe says, sobering up. "I'm coming with you. Blinker, you too. Reginald, you've done enough. Thank you for your service."

"I haven't done nearly enough!" Reginald cries, beating his chest with grief. "The little miss... I wasn't able to protect her! Let me put this new body to some good use! Let me hunt down that witch who killed my friends!"

"We're not going to 'hunt her down.'" Phoebe says sternly. "She has to stand trial for her evils. We have to root out the full extent of her villainy. Only then can the dead receive their justice."

After a momentary pause, she adds, "But yes, you can come along. Your testimony will solidify our case against her."

"Thank you, lady Phoebe! I... I will not let you down! I will atone for my failure for the rest of my life, if that is what it takes."

Phoebe sighs. "You did not fail me, Reginald. You fought valiantly against an enemy who towered above you in power. Frankly, if I had given you better equipment, you might have been able to perform far better. Therefore, the fault lies with me."

"It's neither of your fault." Belial says abruptly, her tone curt. "It's Mara's fault. Don't try and act like there's anyone at fault but her. She lied to us. She attacked and tried to kill you. There is no punishment harsh enough for the likes of her..."

Not wanting to delay their response any longer, Phoebe simply nods.

"Alright. Let's go. Blinker, we'll have to meet your fairy friends afterward. Sorry about that."

"It's fine." Blinker says. "They'll understand."

The three women and Reginald get up and leave, allowing the staff from Yamir's kitchen to clean up after them.

Mara's day of reckoning will soon arrive...