Part 344: Tarot Sect

Unlike most of the Seven Hells, members of the Second Hell of Lust do not live on any specified capitol world. Rather, their many assorted Dukes live on the distant reaches of Hell Harbor, while their lower-ranked members live right inside the Labyrinth, where they have ready access to humans and other demons alike.

Consisting almost entirely of succubi, incubi, and a handful of Satyrs, the Hell of Lust is a surprisingly homogenous organization. They do not pay attention to the battles and power struggles waged by the other Hells, but instead cavort sexually with their many human followers and servants. Unlike the other immortal demons comprising the Seven Hells, succubi and incubi must absorb small amounts of life energy through intercourse to sustain their existences, right up until they become Dukes and Emperors. The higher a sex-fiend's power rating, the less energy they must consume overall.

In addition, they possess another surprising advantage. While other Hells must evolve and mutate into higher ranks by consuming the souls of humans and other beings, succubi and incubi evolve simply by consuming the sexual essence and vitality of other species. This incredible ability allows them to rise through the ranks without ever harming another soul, but it comes at a price.

No member of the Hell of Lust can reach the rank of Emperor. Even Belial and Nerissa, two famous succubi from the Ancient Era, only reached their levels through the power of a dragon. Others of their kind can only reach an impenetrable barrier at the rank of Duke, one which they can never surpass. The amount of life energy needed to evolve to Emperor becomes too vast, too unbridgeable of a gap, to the point that even if they start consuming souls, their bodies will still never evolve to the next rank.

Thanks to this sad fact, Duke Silvia and her mate, Jahn, end up trapped at the rank of Duke, living in a Hell looked down on by their competitors in the other Hells. As such, they avoid conflict and instead use their bodies to curry favor with the other Hells, avoiding the rat-race of power entirely.

Even so, every member of the Hell of Lust can't help but feel that, in the end, they have become nothing more than disposable pawns, incapable of guiding their own future. Any Emperor from any other Hell could walk all over them. Despite being able to raise vast numbers of succubi and incubi to the ranks of Baron and Duke, the lack of Emperors among their kind leaves them defenseless and easy to bully.

As Silvia and Jahn ride atop a magical flying implement, a disc-shaped demonstone platform that races across the horizon, they both think the same thought, in unison.

_If only Belial were still here._

As the founder of the Hell of Lust, the former Second Emperor still commands a lot of respect among her fellow sex-fiends. Many of them deeply wish she would return to guide and protect them once again, but alas, they know that she doesn't care at all for the trappings of power. Responsibility and leadership are not the thoughts which occupy her mind, and as such, she all but ignores the Second Hell.

_We could have our own capitol world, if only Belial were to put her foot down._ Silvia thinks. _I wish I could speak to her again._

The two Dukes gaze down upon Hell Harbor's shattered and obliterated landscape, grimacing at the sheer amount of death and destruction. Entire villages and cities of demons lay in smoking ruins, with survivors scattered about haphazardly. Debris from the Volgrim ships continue to rain down upon Hell Harbor's surface, sparking more wildfires and filling the sky with ash.

"Those Archangels bent us over savagely." Jahn mutters, his dreamy tone intoxicating to females of other species. "I do hope our boys and girls weren't hurt too bad."

"We probably fared worse than all the other Hells, since our top members are all concentrated here." Silvia responds. "Don't be too shocked if we get back and..."

She trails off, leaving the implication hanging.

"Right." Jahn simply mutters.

Silvia's black dominatrix outfit, her tall figure, and her long black eyelashes give her an aura of authority. Contrasted with Jahn's soft, pretty-boy body, his delicate satin clothes, and his golden eyeliner, the two of them appear like a master and servant, in some sort of odd power-dynamic relationship.

However, the truth is, the two of them are equals. Their love for each other, while deep, is also surprisingly casual. Having been on countless flings with other demons over the millennia, neither one acts particularly possessive toward the other, though they do enjoy their shared time, having lived similar lives to one another.

Jahn gently bats his eyes while gazing at the obliterated world beneath the two of them.

"This conflict isn't drawing to a conclusion." Jahn says, his words quiet and measured. "It has hardly even begun. Ose's actions have continued to escalate the war, time and time again. Imagine if she had entertained the Wordsmith's offer, prior to Stormbringer. He thought our species could live together in harmony."

"It was a good offer." Silvia mutters. "Too good. That's why Ose rejected it. If demonkind's power growth decouples from our need for souls, it will create an era of upheaval. This will ultimately benefit demonkind and humanity both, but the humans will receive a disproportionate amount of the gains. With no predators to feast on and control them, the human population will explode, eventually surpassing our own. Broodmothers simply cannot keep up with the ridiculous breeding speed of fleshbag society."

"Is that true, I wonder?" Jahn asks.

"I don't see why not." Silvia replies, turning to look at him. "Unless you think differently."

"Don't you think the fate of our species is too pathetic?" Jahn asks. "We allow ourselves to remain enslaved to the dynamic established by Satan, Lucifer, and all the leaders of the Old Guard. But how many of them still remain? Only a handful. If we were to forge a new path with the Wordsmith, we could turn our eyes toward our true enemies, those monsters lurking in the distant reaches of the Milky Way. Not just the 'Plague,' but the Volgrim as well."

Jahn's upper lip twitches. He balls up both his hands into fists and crosses his arms in a huff.

"They destroyed Earth... rendered it inhospitable to life for the rest of eternity. That wasn't just any mudball. It was _our_ mudball. Our home. How shortsighted have we become that our people are content to live inside a pitch-black Labyrinth, or spread across multiple inferior worlds? The new generations don't understand how badly they've been robbed, and we lost our memories, so we weren't able to adequately inform them. But now, that has changed. We could..."

He pauses, as if becoming lost in thought.

Silvia shoots Jahn a suspicious glance.

"We could, _what_, Jahn? Make friends with the Wordsmith? Cozy up to him?"

"Perhaps." Jahn affirms. "Belial is our founder. We have not personally harmed the Wordsmith, nor his people. But if we join Ose in enacting her plan, we will irreparably damage our relationship with him. We will lose all chance at a peaceful reconciliation."

"If Ose's plan works, the Wordsmith will become demonkind's slave." Silvia counters. "At that point, our 'relationship' won't matter. He will benefit us, and only us."

"But are you content with that conclusion?" Jahn asks, meeting her gaze. "I know you hold no genuine hatred for humans, all the same as myself. Must we simply accept Ose's demands?"

"...You are playing with fire." Silvia warns. "Ose is a shrewd woman. If your thoughts were to reach her in any way, she would execute you without mercy. Nobody would protect you, and neither would I be able to do so."

Jahn stares at Silvia for a moment. He takes a step closer to her side, reaches out his arm, and loops it around hers.

"Most likely. But... perhaps it is time we admit the truth. Humans are not our enemies. We and the Hell of Isolation aren't so different. We both understand that coexistence with humanity is possible, and maybe even preferable. Before, we had the excuse of the greater majority of demons needing to consume human souls to evolve... but if that isn't the case any longer, then it is potentially time we pursue a new path for our people. Someone has to make the first stand. Why not us?"

As Jahn's hungry eyes fall on Silvia, she looks away and sighs.

"This is why the Volgrim demanded we seal our memories. Before the mind-wipes, you were eager to overturn the Old Order. Once again, that hunger has returned."

She pauses.

"...But you're not wrong. I, too, tire of the race to the bottom."

Jahn loops his fingers through Silvia's, cozying up to her while looking up at her face.

"The time for old fears is over. The Wordsmith is our chance at a new tomorrow, Silvia."

"Indeed, he is." She whispers.

---

_On the distant world of Diabolus, ruled by the Hell of Calamity._

A demon Baron dressed in black leather pants and a jacket, with a hood pulled over her head, walks with precise intentions toward a mountain base. Winds filled with corrosive gasses attempt to buffet her body, but a shield of fire revolves around her, protecting her from the acrid elements. Several beads of light shimmer on her forehead, the indicators of powerful spells staying active to shield her from Diabolus's elements.

The demoness flickers forward, skipping pass rivers of acid. She teleports a few dozen feet at a time, sometimes walking, sometimes running, and sometimes jumping toward her end destination.

She flickers toward a path leading up the mountain and begins the arduous climb up one of three bluffs, all of them more than five thousand feet tall. This middle mountain, known as Player's Peak, leads to a destination few bother to visit, despite who it belongs to, an Emperor of some previous level of fame and infamy.

The demoness spends more than an hour hiking the path winding up the mountain toward a spot near its middle. Ordinarily, she would simply fly to her destination, but powerful restriction magic hangs in the air, serving as a deterrent for those who would try to skip the tedium.

She passes by several other demons along the way. Surprisingly, not one of them exceeds the rank of Baron. They all look at her and nod, but otherwise exchange no words.

Eventually, she reaches a passage leading deep into the mountain. A pair of female Barons stand outside, eying her as she approaches.

"Mara. You're finally back." Says one of the Barons, a female with blood-red hair, bewitching eyes, and a body that would tempt any man to sin. Like Mara, she wears a protective layer of leather clothing to combat the elements.

"Hello, Xena." Mara says, pulling back her hood to reveal her face. "Is he awake?"

"Naturally. He has anticipated your coming, though he expected you hours ago." Xena, the Baron of Trickery, replies.

"After what happened on Hell Harbor, returning to Diabolus took me longer than I anticipated." Mara says with a shrug. "I'll head in, now."

"Don't keep the Master waiting." Xena says, returning to her guard duties.

Mara walks past the two guards, stepping into a brightly lit underground cave, one with hundreds of extravagant crystals embedded in the ceiling to light her way.

This cave, belonging to the Tarot Sect, is part of a massive organization based on Diabolus which the other Hells take care not to offend. Despite possessing a seemingly 'weak' foundation of zero Dukes and only one Emperor, the Tarot Sect punches far, far above its weight class. The powers of Tarot Cards grant all its members firepower and killing potential at the top of Baron fighting levels, and even sometimes into the ranks of Duke.

Mara strides down several elaborately carved hallways, past multitudes of beautiful and handsome Barons of both sexes, up stairs and down stairs, traveling into the heart of the sect's interior.

Eventually, she reaches an area of overwhelming extravagance, with opulent golden chandeliers hanging from the ceiling, marble-tiled floors and walls, and gems of all different colors embedded in every single outcropping and item that sticks out of any surface. So ritzy and over-designed is the place, that if anyone were to step inside for the first time, they would certainly feel a sense of inferiority, followed by annoyance at whoever thought such a tacky display of wealth would make them intimidating.

The moment Mara enters, a powerful spiritual aura locks onto her position.

"Mara. MARAAAA! Finally. _Cough, cough._ You're back."

A male voice speaks from an upper platform, one with a pair of stairs on either side leading up to his position. Mara raises her eyes, but doesn't see beyond the banister on the second floor leading to him. His voice, best described as 'corpulent,' makes him sound stifled and choked by fat.

Indeed, as Mara climbs the stairs, she comes face to face with a morbidly obese demon sitting in a huge chair with a pair of pretty female Barons by his side, waiting on him hand and foot. Two huge horns stick out of his head, those of an Emperor. His body, weighing at least three quarters of a ton, appears immovable, grotesque, and utterly unattractive at every level. Layers and rolls of fat spill off his figure, covered only by loose-fitting robes.

The balding Emperor squints at Mara as she appears. His face appears somewhat rotted, as if maggots have infested his flesh for centuries. The sight doesn't bother Mara, though, given the number of times she has spoken to him over the millennia.

"_Cough, cough!_ Mara! Tell me... did Yumagi die a death worth admiring? What say the other Emperors regarding his fall?"

Mara walks up to the hideous, blobular demon, drops to one knee, bows her head, and presses her fist against the floor.

"They suspected nothing. Yumagi's fall was both glorious and memorable."

"Pah! Kuhak, pah!"

The flabby Emperor coughs several times, spraying spittle in Mara's direction. His two Baron servants quickly reach over and clean his face with towels. He remains silent for a moment afterward, then raises a hand with great effort.

"_Cough._ You two, leave us. I must talk with the leader of my Tarot Sect in private!"

The two Barons nod, turn around, and leave Mara behind with her master.

After they depart, Mara rises to her feet.

"...Master Yumagi. I still do not understand. Why would you fake your death? What purpose do your actions serve?"

The Glyphmancer smiles widely, exposing his teeth.

"Pahaha... those fools in the other Hells- _COUGH, COUGH!_ Those fools care only about their own gains. Sooner or later, they would have pulled us into their dispute. I have no interest in making an enemy of the Wordsmith. Better to use a False Body spell to fake my death and trick those oblivious idiots! With me gone, they won't bother with my Tarot Sect. Barons will be of little use in battling the Wordsmith."

Emperor Yumagi, still alive despite his supposed 'death' at the claws of the Cherubiim, absentmindedly fiddles with an object attached to a chain placed upon his neck. The palm-sized piece of jewelry appears quite eye-catching, given how it looks to be an upside-down golden pyramid with one eye on each of its four sides.

The simple-looking piece of jewelry bounces about between his fingers while he fondles it.

"_Cough!_ Now, then, Mara! You have done well. I want you to announce publicly that the Tarot Sect will be closing its doors while we decide on a new leader. Let the other Hells think I've died! Those brats can fight their own wars! In the meantime, we must continue accumulating resources. I must find the correct combination if I am to craft the card that will restore myself to my former glory!"

Mara nods. "Of course, Emperor Yumagi."

She falls silent for a few moments, yet lingers in the same spot, making the obese Emperor glance at her again.

"Eh? Are you waiting for something? Oh, ho ho! Don't tell me. You are still waiting for your merits, hmm?"

Mara nods excitedly. "Yes, yes! I hope I have contributed well to your glorious cause, Emperor Yumagi! I helped fool the other Emperors into thinking you had died. I also fought against the Wordsmith's troops and gained valuable intelligence for you."

"Indeed! This old master will not be stingy in his rewards." Yumagi says. He leans slightly toward Mara and holds out his flab-covered hand. "Bring me your neck."

Mara hesitates for a moment before stepping toward him. She drops to her knees obediently and brings her face closer, while Yumagi reaches out and wraps his hands around her throat. He squeezes only a little, but even so, the strength of an Emperor proves overwhelming. Magic pulses from his palm into Mara's soul while he conducts a sweep of her spirituality.

"Hmph! Look at how many cards you've lost, recently! Mara, Mara! How many times must I tell you? You cannot simply throw away cards through summons and transformations! Do you think these cards grow on trees? I have to expend my vitality to create them! Are you trying to kill this old ancestor?"

A look of pain crosses Mara's face as Yumagi squeezes her throat tighter. Like a kitten held in place by the back of its fur, she can only stare into her master's eyes and grit her teeth while her body loses its ability to fight back.

"Yes... this frail servant... knows she has not met... your expectations..."

"Hmph! At least you know your place!" Yumagi grunts. "Here. I will grant you... one platinum aspect, three golden ones, and five silver. You had better not throw them away again! Especially the platinum one! You cannot imagine the price I pay to make just a single one!"

Yumagi coughs a few times, then transfers magical power through the connection of his palm and Mara's throat. When he releases the Baron of Games, she crumples to the floor, convulsing for several minutes while the pain of adaptation courses through her veins. 

The Glyphmancer snorts. "I will allocate you a further seven hundred and thirteen Merits! Any more, and the others will think I'm showing you favoritism!"

Shakily, Mara rises to her feet and performs a clumsy bow.

"Th-thank you, Master Yumagi. This servant will take her leave, now."

"Make sure you get me more resources!" Yumagi snaps. "I want to see more eggs of mighty monsters, but with their spiritual essences INTACT. The quality of stock your juniors have given me lately is simply inadequate!"

Mara nods. "Yes. Yes, of course, Master Yumagi."

Still trembling, she stumbles away from Yumagi and departs the room, leaving the Glyphmancer by himself.

After the departure of his vaunted Sect Leader, Yumagi continues to play with the pyramid hanging from his neck-chain. He grins widely and chuckles.

"Hehe... these foolish children. They are all so willing to humor an old demon, so long as it grants them a slice of power. They are but pawns to my ambition... _cough, cough!_"

Yumagi bursts into a violent coughing fit, one much more severe than those he suffered before. After a half-minute of choking on his own saliva, he settles back down and sighs.

"Tch. This cursed artifact. Ptah, you really damned me, didn't you? My greedy nature couldn't resist the pull of controlling a Hero's power... ah, but I've almost fully tamed your soul. I just need to find the last ingredients... perhaps then, I will wield all your strength as my own."

The slovenly Emperor curls his lip up into a sneer.

"Wordsmith. Pah! Your power is incredible, but you are far from the only being who can wield godlike power. Compared to the ancient Ptah, you are only a little better. Wait until I master this relic... then I will come for you, as well. You will wish you had died, rather than awakened my greed, _Hero._ I will make you MINE!"

As his servants return, Yumagi unleashes a violent laugh at the ceiling, cackling at the thought of someday enslaving the Wordsmith for his own purposes.

He is far from the only being with such thoughts...