Part 231: One Punch Monster

Five thousand monsters, comprised of black-scaled basilisks, grey-furred kobolds, and a diverse mixture of demon grunts and Lords, line up behind the Baron of Misery, Laharl. Unlike the first wave that attacked the core an hour prior, this one features no orcs, undead, or minotaurs. 

"Are you maggots ready?!" Laharl screeches. The iron-clawed demoness points a talon down the hall, toward the distant light of the Core. "Once we kill that traitorous monster king and rip the fleshbags limb from limb, the real fun begins! Kyahaha!!"

"Kss!"

The snake-like basilisks snap at one another while hissing in excitement. Their appearances resemble giant river-serpents, with two thin arms sticking out of their sides for dexterity purposes. Sadly, most basilisks are far too weak to use their arms in melee combat.

"Kill all them fockin' fleshbags," A Kobold yells. The fur-covered reptilian pounds his claws together to get his blood boiling. "I'm bloody starvin' fer some meat!"

"Yes, that's the spirit!" Laharl cackles. "Now, follow me, you insufferable weaklings! Whoever lands the killing blow on that shit-sucking Sphinx will get a _special_ reward, hahaha!!"

Without hesitation, the entire company of monsters rushes down the great hallway leading to the core. Its hundred-foot width provides an unusual amount of breathing room for the monsters to spread out and overtake one another. A makeshift race ensues as several of the strongest warriors take the lead, trying to beat their rivals to the Core.

Hungry, the lone goblin among all the stronger monsters, clings to one of the reptilian-kobolds, using its perfectly-straightened horns as a handhold.

"H-hey, don't go so fast..." Hungry mutters. "We no need be first, haha..."

The kobold laughs. "Weak little gobby! That's why your kind licks the skarn-droppings off our feet! You're too bloody scared to stand up for yerselves! Bahaha!"

Unlike many monsters that come in uniform colors, kobolds feature a variety of reds, yellows, greens, and greys among their scales. A few kobolds even stand out for their bright yellow patterns. Their appearance, a mixture of draconian and crocodilian, make them look like slimmer versions of Kar.

Hungry's newest battle-buddy is a multi-colored kobold with black scales and a soft, white underbelly. Krugar, the head of the cave-dwelling Coal Eaters, exhales a small plume of fire as his face contorts into a grin.

"No matter how strong that Sphinx bloke thinks he be, he ain't nothin' 'gainst these numbers!" Krugar laughs.

The third invader contingent rushes toward the Core at breakneck speeds exceeding sixty miles an hour. Within less than a minute, the still-open great doors loom within view, making them grin.

However.

Amongst the light pouring out of the Core's entryway, a small, shadowy silhouette stands alone.

Kar, King of the Monsters, stands with his arms crossed, waiting patiently for his enemies to arrive.

Blinker lays on Kar's shoulder, fast asleep. When Kar starts to move, she awakens from her slumber while blinking her droopy eyes.

"Huh? Oh, they're here. Sheesh! Took them long enough!"

"Did you enjoy your catnap, Butterfly?" Kar asks.

"It was alright. Gotta keep my stamina up so we can kick butt."

Kar nods.

"Hurgh. Our enemies are numerous. Once the strong ones show up, I will have to rely on you."

Blinker's bravado fades. "Yeah. Don't worry, gator-man. As long as we're together, we can't lose."

"It is as you say, Butterfly."

---

**[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CoRbgUZb0n4)**

The horde arrives.

Fifteen basilisks pounce at Kar, their serrated teeth lunging for his neck, legs, and arms.

Kar steps forward to meet them.

_Slap._

With a wave of his hand, the Monster King ends five of their lives in an instant. Their skulls shatter and their snake-like bodies crumble under his palm's power.

However, the other ten manage to evade his attack.

_Chomp!_

The monstrous snakes, each one fifteen feet long, with three-foot heads, grab hold of the Monster King's scales.

A moment later, their teeth shatter when Kar flexes his muscles. The power coursing through his body makes his defenses harder than titanium. Horrified, the basilisks recoil in pain, screeching as blood spews from their mouths.

"Never should have come here," Kar mutters.

The Monster King scuffs his heel across the ground, spewing a hail of rocks up at the injured basilisks. The pebbles tear through their scales like bullets through wet paper. All ten of the remaining basilisks turn into bloodied paper mache as they flop lifelessly to the dirt.

An instant afterward, ten kobolds and seven Burner demons leap into the fray. The recently evolved demons fling fireballs at Kar's face, while the kobolds swing their steel-rending claws at his chest. Kar spins on his heel, ducks down, and balls his fingers into a fist.

_Thoomph!_

Kar punches the air, summoning a boulder from under his feet. It catches the drake-like kobolds off-guard by scattering them like bowling balls, only to explode immediately afterward, peppering Kar's foes with rocky shrapnel. The Burner demons barely get a split-second to watch as their fireballs miss and Kar's counterattack meets its mark. They perish, unable to retaliate.

However, the first wave of kobolds survive their encounter with the Monster King. Thanks to their hardened scales, mirroring his, and their relatively high intelligence, they dart toward him with deadly intentions.

"Don't give 'im a moment ta' think!" One of the kobolds barks. "Keep hittin' 'im til he croaks!"

Hungry, still riding atop the dual-colored black and white kobold, arrives in the next wave. He grits his teeth and readies himself for a beating. "Oh, no! Me no want this! Me no like this!!"

Kar falls forward and lands on his hands. He skitters around in a four-legged stance, using his hands and feet like a taijitsu master to throw off his opponents. One after the other, dozens of kobolds and basilisks swarm him, their numbers increasing rapidly. None of them so much as scratches the legendary Sphinx.

The Monster King pounces into the air. He grabs hold of the ceiling and yanks with all his strength, collapsing fifty tons of debris atop the neverending swarm of monsters. However, a brigade of earth-manipulating Burrowers meets his advance, using their powers to fling the debris left and right. They save ninety percent of Kar's targets, sending sighs of relief among the invaders.

"Kar! We can't stop them all!" Blinker yells.

Kar flicks his eyes backward. He spots fifty kobolds and basilisks rushing toward the Core Doors. Having skirted around him, the enemies beeline for the humans, making Kar frown.

"My pet humans can protect themselves... but _when did I say you could enter_?"

Kar falls from the ceiling. He raises his fists overhead and smashes the enemies beneath him into bloody mulch, continuing his attack through them, into the Labyrinth's floor. A massive earthquake rumbles the Labyrinth for miles in every direction, sparing only the Core itself.

Hundreds of tons of rubble collapses outside the Core's double-doors. The monsters and Lords who dared to bypass Kar jerk their heads upward and scream as an avalanche plunges toward them.

_Crunch._

The avalanche continues, unabated. It buries the Core's entrance behind more than a thousand tons of debris, making entry impossible for the moment.

Kar smiles.

The Monster King leaps to his feet and stretches out his arms. "None may pass! If you want a taste of my pet humans, you'll have to get through me, first! Now, come! Give me a challenge!"

The monsters nearest Kar jerk back in fright as the Monster King lunges at them. Their faces turn pale as his deathly specter dwarfs their shadows. Kar grabs two kobolds by the legs and uses them as blunt weapons, beating their comrades to death with their scaled bodies.

"Bahaha!" Kar laughs. "Too weak! Too weak!!"

Suddenly, a flash of movement catches Kar's eye. A single demoness, one with a distinctive blood-red cape, skitters toward him on her hands and feet.

_A Baron!_ Kar observes.

She leaps toward Kar, raising her clawed nails over her head. Kar retaliates by swinging his comatose kobold weapons toward her. However, the moment the kobolds strike the demoness, she vanishes.

_An illusion? Aaargh!_

Kar's inner self howls in pain as the Baron of Misery materializes behind him and rakes her talons across his back, drawing deep red rivulets of blood.

"You're not so tough!" Laharl cackles, taunting Kar. She lands on her hands and feet and jumps toward the wall of debris collapsed before the Core, only to frown.

_Damn! Not even a little hole I can slip through. Guess I'll have to kill the Sphinx before I can get inside where all the juicy man-meat is._

Kar drops his living battering-ram-kobolds. "Hurgh. That woman's claws pierced my scales. She is quite strong... for a _Baron._"

Blinker hovers overhead. She activates her fairy magic, summoning the illusion of invisibility around herself. "Do you want any help?"

Kar chuckles softly. "Heh. _No._ You stay safe, Butterfly."

The Monster King claps his hands together, weaves a magic symbol, and presses both palms against the ground. This time, two boulders bubble out of the Labyrinth floor, causing the five nearest basilisks to shrink back as they try to figure out where the Monster King will aim his next attack.

However, Kar doesn't throw the boulders. Instead, he stands still for a moment and uses his inner mana to carve two shapes into the center of the giant rocks.

Two seconds later, the boulders split in half to reveal two Kar-shaped statues, each one only half the Monster King's size. The two statues spring to life, their crocodile mouths opening in a silent roar.

Laharl skitters along the wall adjacent to the Core's entrance like a cockroach. Her eyes lock onto the statues with a look of disbelief. "What? It can't be! The Monster King... he's become a soul manipulator! Those are golems!"

Kar ignores Laharl's shock. "Go, my children. Kill the weak ones. I'll handle Little Miss Cricket myself."

Kar's stone elementals nod. They spring toward the dumbfounded basilisks and swing their fists like hammers, shattering skulls as if they were made of chalk. Each one possesses only a tenth of the Monster King's strength, but nearly the same amount of durability.

"What a scam!" Krugar, Hungry's battle-buddy, yells. "That damned Monster King's a dirty, rotten cheater!"

The battle intensifies. Kar's clones tear through the kobolds, basilisks, and demon grunts with ease. A pair of Demon Lords working under Laharl join forces to try and defeat just one of Kar's golems, but even with the combined power of wind and water, they can't break the construct's defenses. All they manage is to briefly slow it down.

Meanwhile, Kar focuses his attention on Laharl. She zips around surprisingly fast, using her arms and legs with a level of dexterity mirroring Kar. Whether in a two-legged or four-legged stance, Laharl manages to skirt around Kar while keeping a wary eye locked on him.

"Hehehe... bit unfair, isn't this? One little Baron girl against a big, strong monster like you!"

Kar's expression turns unsightly. "Hurgh. Cut the crap, tiny Cricket. If you can't take me on, then you should run away with your tail between your legs. Nobody forced you to come here."

"Don't you dare compare me to a bug, you shit-swallowing pissant!" Laharl shrieks. The Baron of Misery coils strength into her arms and legs as she prepares to pounce. "You're about to find out why they call me the Strongest Baron! Raaahh!!"

Laharl leaps at Kar from the collapsed rubble. Her body becomes a guided missile, making her travel the fifty-foot distance to her opponent in the blink of an eye.

_Fwish!_

She vanishes an instant before colliding with Kar's fist, then reappears beteen his legs.

Kar's eyes widen. "Hurgh!"

Too late, he tries to grab the Baroness, but she slashes the comparatively soft undersides of his thighs, ripping out massive chunks of flesh before vanishing a moment later.

"Aargh!" Kar howls, more angry than injured. His eyes turn bloodshot as he instantly locks onto Laharl's new position, ten feet to his right. Blood drips down his legs and splashes at his feet, mixing with the blood from his back.

"Hahaha!" Laharl cackles. She spins on her palm and rolls away, narrowly avoiding Kar's tail when he tries to swipe her. She licks Kar's blood off her fingers, her face flushing as various sexual feelings spring up in her chest. "Too slow, you tasty little gecko!"

Kar's nostrils flare, expelling the anger he felt only a moment before. His emotions return to normal as he eyeballs the Baron of Misery.

"Hurgh. Cricket seems to be teleporting, but that isn't it. An illusion? I wonder..."

Despite his muttering being barely audible, Laharl's demonic hearing allows her to pick up on the Sphinx's words.

"Everyone told me you had big brains, Sphinx-thief, but I didn't believe them! Now I see that I was wrong! You're as _sharp_ as my claws! Kyahaha!"

Laharl stops laughing. Her expression turns menacing.

"If I kill you, Ose will have no choice but to make me a Duke. Why don't you be a dear and _die_ for me?"

Laharl vanishes. Suddenly, she reappears behind Kar, both of her claws pulled back to impale the Sphinx's heart from behind.

Kar smirks. _As I thought._

The Sphinx side-steps Laharl, causing her to strike nothing but air. She stabs the spot where Kar stood only a split-second earlier, missing him by a single millimeter.

"What? How?!"

Laharl jerks her eyes toward the Sphinx's new position. Time freezes as her blood runs cold.

"You're not as clever as you think," Kar rumbles. His reptilian eyes fixate on the Baron of Misery, making her feel as small as an ant.

_Slap._

Slowly, almost casually, Kar backhands the Baron, sending her flying backward. She slams into a random piece of rubble, bounces off, and crashes against the ceiling. A moment later, she falls to the floor and hits it with a _thud_, dazed and confused.

"Hngh... he... how did he... see through... my illusions..."

Several of Laharl's ribs stick through her chest. Blood bubbles from inside her and spills all over the ground.

The Baron of Misery lays limp, unable to move. Her broken arms and legs make it impossible for her to flee as Kar ambles toward her without a care in the world.

"Hurgh. Stupid girl," Kar chuckles. "My wife is a fairy. Could such poorly-summoned copies fool me? Every time I spoke to you, your body was only an illusion. You vanished the moment you left my sight and made me follow your fake body with my eyes."

Kar's lighthearted tone darkens as he gazes at the haggard, broken husk at his feet.

"Even now... how stupid do you think I am? Come out. This false form will not deceive me."

Laharl stiffens. She meets Kar's gaze and grins.

"Haha. You've even figured out this much, eh?"

The Baron's figure disappears, while three other copies of herself reappear on Kar's right, left, and behind him.

"Projections, not illusions," Kar says, his smile devoid of any pleasure. "Illusions cannot interact with the physical world... but projections can. That is what makes you confident enough to attack me head-on."

Laharl's eyes flash with excitement. She watches as the Sphinx turns to face her, crosses his arms, and assumes a haughty pose.

"Hahaha... that's what I love about men like you! Yes, perfect! Big muscles, big brains!! Who could be a better slave for me than you? I'll make you my pet, crocodile! I'll make you MINE!!"

Laharl's tongue lolls out of her mouth as she pants like a dog. Her tongue slips between the gaps in her razor-sharp teeth, giving her a wild, untamed look.

Kar glances past her, at his golems, as they continue to absolutely destroy legions of monsters.

"Hurgh... this game... it isn't any fun when my enemies are so weak."

"Don't mock me!!" Laharl shrieks. "You haven't even begun to fathom my power!"

"Oh? And have you, perhaps, grasped mine?" Kar asks.

Slowly, the Sphinx lowers his arms. He inhales deeply, relishing the smell of blood.

"Crocodiles are not like lizards..." Kar mutters.

"...my people... are predators."

Before Laharl can react, Kar lunges toward her summoned projection on his right. He moves without any preamble, without coiling strength into his legs, and without revealing his intent.

Laharl misses her chance to react. Her projection explodes as the Sphinx's fist lands with the power of a volcano. He liquefies her body, turning her into a blood-balloon that explodes and spatters its innards in a 180-degree half-sphere. By the time Laharl's other two projections realize what's happening, Kar has already leaped at the second one and raised his fist above his head, before swinging it down like a sledgehammer.

_SPLAT!_

Kar turns the second projection into a blood-bomb while grinning like a madman.

"Demons killed my wife!"

Kar leaps at Laharl's third projection as she jumps backward, narrowly avoiding his clutches.

"You killed my children!"

Kar claps his hands, blasting a shockwave at Laharl and flinging her against the Labyrinth's wall.

"You exterminated my species!"

Kar grabs the Baron of Misery, wrapping his giant claws around her comparatively tiny, female body.

"And today, I'll get my REVENGE!"

Kar slams her against the floor, crushing her final projection and splattering her innards a hundred feet in every direction.

Kar rears his head up and gazes at a rock three hundred feet away. There, he senses a faint, suppressed mana signature.

"Found you!"

Kar shoves his palm through the air. He opens his hand and pretends to push the boulder, using his earth manipulation powers to shove it away, where it strikes the real Laharl and flings her backward, smashing her against the Labyrinth wall.

"Aargh!" Laharl howls, her cry of pain mirroring those she drew from Kar only minutes before. "You- you can't possibly... gah!"

Laharl shoves the boulder off her body. She falls to her knees, her legs broken, as she watches the Monster King pounce toward her.

_What can I do?! I didn't think a mere monster could be so powerful!!_

All the blood drains from Laharl's face as the Monster King leaps at her. With her best trump cards exhausted, she hasn't a chance against the nearly unkillable Sphinx.

At that moment.

A flash of light appears in the air. A magical playing card appears, summoning an invisible mana-bubble to protect Laharl.

_Slam!_

Kar crashes against the force-field, full force, hitting it with the power of a stinger missile. Nevertheless, the wall holds, preventing him from killing his prey.

"Who dares?!" Kar snarls, his expression echoing an enraged lion.

"Sorry I'm late," A woman says. "I had to get Ying-Ying."

Kar jerks his head to Laharl's right, where a portal appears in midair, allowing Mara, the Baron of Games, and her sister, Ying-Ying, to emerge.

"Our backup is almost here," Mara says, as she pulls her black hood up to obscure her face. "In the meantime, you will help me kill this Sphinx."

Kar's rage slightly dims.

"Hurgh! Peaches? Blossom? Ah... that's right..."

Kar's thoughts turn inward. _Turtle erased their memories. Based on his actions, I can only assume he did not wish to kill them._

_However._

_They have appeared before me now as enemies! I am sorry, Turtle, but I cannot let them hurt my pet humans._

Mara motions with her hands. She summons a magical card into midair and throws it at Laharl's body, where it slaps against her face and explodes into a flash of light. Moments later, Laharl's broken bones snap back into place, healing herself to full.

"You're lucky I came when I did," Mara says. "Any later, and my time reversal magic wouldn't have worked. Now, are you ready to assist me?"

Laharl licks her teeth. She sniffles at Mara, but bows her head. "Kss! Fine! We'll do things your way... but only this once!"

Ying-Ying leaps backward into her portal, closing it behind her. "I'm out! Won't be any use here!"

Finally, the mana-bubble preventing Kar from reaching his prey begins to crack. Spiderwebs appear on its surface as Mara's magical card fades away, giving the women mere moments to prepare.

"We have to kill the Sphinx, or hold on until the Dukes arrive!" Mara says. "And knowing our luck... those lazy bastards are going to take their time!"

Kar watches the wall, waiting until the instant before it disappears to lunge toward the women. 

"Hurgh! Too bad! I'll kill you before they arrive!"