Part 594: The Kolvaxian Conspiracy

Across all of the four battlefields, the humans continue to fight with all their hearts. The Eastern battlefield suffers terrible losses as a result of the Executor's battle in the skies, and the remaining humans rapidly crumble under the pressure of the remnant Cosmic shockwaves slamming into their bodies and psychic attacks that jar their minds. Before long, everyone dies, and the Kolvaxians swarm toward Mount Adams.

[Attention all humans and human allies.] Creator Demila says, her voice cutting through the fog of battle and piercing into the minds of the humans, demons, monsters, and even the few remnant angels. [Maiura is lost. The Executor Plaguehosts are too powerful. You must flee! Begin immediately retreating to safety!]

Inside Fort Adams, behind the increasingly fragile safety of their Wordsmithium walls, only twenty thousand soldiers remain. Among them are humans and monsters, but zero demons. Demila alone levitates above the city, keeping an eye out for any Psiovaxians that might take to the skies and threaten the humans within.

Her eyes hide a deep secret, but her appearance maintains the facade of a Volgrim protector, assigned to assist the humans to the best of her ability.

Not long after her declaration, the ground beneath Fort Adams begins to rumble. Distant _booms_ reverberate half a kilometer beneath the feet of the humans, rapidly increasing in frequency as the ordinary Kolvaxians arrive and begin pounding on the Wordsmithium barrier beneath the people's feet. The dirt soil under their feet trembles and cracks from the mere aftershocks of those horrifying impacts, swelling the humans' minds with a sense of dread.

Many of the soldiers start to twitch. Even if they are professional killers, they have watched live feeds from their comrades outside the walls, men and women who are now dead and turned into the very monsters attacking them from the planet's depths. None of them can remain emotionless and stoic in the face of such a terrifying threat.

Neil Adams grimaces. He hesitates for a long minute, listening as the volume of the thrumming within the depths grows louder and louder.

Finally, he taps the side of his T-REX helmet.

"Attention all troopers. Creator Demila is right. We must evacuate. I will have Hope retreat from the Northern Front and begin teleporting people back into the Labyrinth. Everyone else, return through the Warpgate now!"

Quiet sighs of relief go up among the troopers, but many men and women still silently lament the fact they have to give up Maiura.

This was supposed to be their new homeworld!

Maiura was going to become the birthplace of a superior humanity, one unburdened by love of foul demons or other wretched creatures!

But now, it has fallen.

After spending many years quietly building lives on Maiura, the longest-lived residents feel a deep sense of loss. Many of the people who arrived are recent immigrants, only coming here after the Great Debate. But a sizable portion are not, and it is those who had children and started to live fulfilling lives who feel this loss the deepest.

Neil Adams is no different.

For him, Maiura represented his political ambitions. He and Hope will likely be able to build up another world, but at what cost? How long will it last? Will the Plague show up there, too?

Neil's eyes flicker with hatred. He hates the Kolvaxians, but secretly he feels these creatures are not acting naturally. While he lacks evidence for his hypothesis, some aspects of the Plague's attack simply never added up.

Why did it cease all battles on all other worlds in the Milky Way?

Why did it beeline straight to Maiura and attack them?

"Artoria...?" Neil mutters out loud, where no-one can hear him.

The moment the Black Hole Construct was taken by the Plague, that's when everything changed. Could her personality have somehow infected the Plague? Could her memories be special enough to guide the Plague to Maiura?

Neil isn't certain, and he doesn't have time to think about it now.

But once the situation cools off, he secretly vows to himself that he _will_ investigate the matter.

...

Hope Hiro jumps into the air. He grimaces as a pair of Psiovaxians attack him on the right and left, these powerful creatures each both standing at the 6th Level of the Volgrim, possessing strength on par with 5th Level Psions.

He wields Excalibur in both hands, dashing between them with the swiftness of a fly dodging a flyswatter. The Psiovaxians silently pursue him, with one of them conjuring flame chains to snap at and ensnare him, while the other one fires poisoned needles made out of condensed Psionic power.

Hope dodges the needles whenever they fly at him, shuddering when the needles rip through rock and stone or embed deeply into the armor of the Warframes below him. Just when Hope isn't sure how to handle these two creatures in the fastest way possible, Uriel joins him and begins attacking with a furious salvo. Possessed by the spirit of her brother Gabriel, she wields a greatsword that can hammer and slash effectively enough to pressure one of the Psiovaxians. With her help, Hope cuts one of them down, then he and his makeshift ally kill the other.

Gabriel speaks afterward. "Hope. Neil called for a retreat. Thou must teleport the remaining combatants off Maiura. Verily, I shalt hold back the enemies here. I will draw their focus."

Hope nods. "Alright. It's time we faced reality. Maiura is lost! I can't believe I'm saying it, but this situation isn't salvageable, and it's only getting worse."

After affirming Neil's decision, Hope flies into the sky, leaving the Archangel behind.

Gabriel gives up control of Uriel's mind, allowing the Archangel of Retribution to regain control of her body. At the same time, the other Archangels appear beside their sister with grim expressions of their faces.

Raphael speaks first. "This battle is not what it seems, siblings. There is a greater force at play here."

"The Kolvaxians art not as simple as they appear." Michael affirms. "They act as mindless beasts, but they always hold back until the humans gain an advantage. Then they reveal another card from their sleeves."

"Every time we think we've made a breakthrough, the Kolvaxians reveal another dimension of their abilities." Uriel says coldly. "I believeth even now they hath not shown the full extent of their power."

Uriel splits apart the greatsword Gabriel was using, causing it to revert into her signature twin-spears. Then she alters the appearance of the Gae Bolg, changing it into a single longsword before tossing it to her brother Michael.

Like this, Michael gains a formidable weapon that may help him in combating the Plague.

"Remember, our goal now art not to kill these beasts, but merely distract them." Gabriel says. "Keep thy wits about thee, and take care to draw the fiends' attention!"

After speaking, the Archangels rejoin the battle, the four of them working together to assist Hope as he swiftly starts teleporting soldiers away from the Northern front. Since all of them are only inside the Warframes, it doesn't take him long.

Hope glances at Belial. He hesitates for a moment, then starts to fly toward the Western Front to retrieve his children. Just as Hope is about to leave, Belial suddenly disappears, teleported away.

Hope's expression turns ugly.

_Jason! He's still watching, after all._

Secretly, Hope was thinking of leaving Belial here. With the Warframes gone, there would be no chance of her surviving. But since Jason teleported her away, that destroys Hope's plan.

_Always ready to protect his vicious demon friends._ Hope thinks. _I told you to stay out of Maiura's business! Damn you, Jason!_

Hope departs, leaving Uriel and her brothers behind. Immediately the swarm charges at the angels, threatening to put them down. But luckily, the Archangels simply take to the air, leaving their grounded enemies without a prayer of catching them.

Naturally, with their Cosmic-level bodies, the Kolvaxians are still able to leap into the air hundreds of feet high. But the moment they pounce, the Archangels dash to the sides, flying around with flaps of their wings to nimbly and agilely dodge their comparatively clumsy enemies.

"Come, test me if thou dost dare!" Uriel challenges. "I am not afraid of thee!"

...

Hope quickly arrives at his children's side, finding Mandy and Levi fighting with the assistance of Demon Deity Kristoff above. Kristoff's blood spears skewer and slaughter the Kolvaxians like before, but with noticeably higher difficulty than they did before. Without Executor Riley to weaken the Kolvaxians, his spears often end up breaking bones and destroying internal organs, but those injuries regenerate before the Kolvaxians die.

"Alright, kids!" Hope shouts. "We're leaving! **RETURN! RETURN!**"

Mandy and Levi barely get a second to process Hope's words before they abruptly disappear and return to the Hall of Heroes.

Demon Deity Kristoff glances at Hope. He frowns.

"What are you doing? The Kolvaxians will fall upon Mount Adams within a minute."

"A minute is all we need to evacuate." Hope retorts. "Things happen fast when I'm involved."

Hope doesn't stick around to hear Kristoff's retort. Instead, he jumps into the air and races away, this time heading to the Southern Front to rescue the still rather-large army of humans fighting alongside Henry, Ashley, and Beelzebub. Unfortunately, the Eastern Front has entirely collapsed, with no survivors left...

...

_Boom!_

_Boom!_

The reverberations beneath Fort Adams grow louder and louder. Every second, the intensity ramps up, but still, the Wordsmithium barrier holds without showing the slightest dent. Even with half a kilometer of soil separating the Wordsmithium from the feet of the soldiers, they can still feel the ground vibrating constantly.

Eventually, Kolvaxians begin rapidly scaling the walls of the fortress, incentivising the humans inside to move faster as they race through the Warpgate. Creator Demila summons hundreds of simple orb-shaped psionic constructs to man the walls, blasting the Kolvaxians back down into the valley below before they can make it inside.

"Come on people, pick up the pace! Let's move, move, MOVE!" General Chadwick shouts, spinning his arm in the direction of the Warpgate. "You too, Commander! Let's get the hell out of here!"

"I'll leave once everyone else is gone." Neil retorts. "It won't do for me to be among the first to evacuate."

"With all due respect, sir, that's inadvisable. You're our most important asset aside from Hope himself." Chadwick argues.

"Well, as long as I'm in charge, I will- hmm?"

Neil pauses. He frowns as a 'humming' resonates in the air, causing his bones to subtly vibrate.

"What is that noise?" Neil asks, right before all hell breaks loose.

...

"It is time, sister." Michael says. "Let us leave!"

The Archangels continue dodging the Kolvaxians below as they leap into the air, but each time, the Kolvaxians hurtle away wildly, completely missing their agile enemies.

Hardly has a minute passed after the Wordsmith's departure when a strange vibration rumbles the air. Uriel's expression changes as she senses something _shift_ on the battlefield.

"What is this feeling? What's happening?" Uriel wonders out loud.

All of a sudden, the Kolvaxians stop frenzying. They cease leaping into the sky, and stop in place, looking up at Uriel with their faceless gazes.

The Archangel of Retribution feels a cold chill go down her spine. Seeing her enemies no longer leaping up at her like rabid dogs, she senses an eerie, alien intelligence hidden within their changed postures.

"What... what is this...?" Uriel whispers.

Michael's expression turns solemn.

"...RUN!"

He grabs his sister, then flies away. Raphael and Gabriel follow behind them, but as they depart, Uriel shoots a glance over her shoulder, looking backward at the silent and unmoving swarm.

All at once, every single Kolvaxian begins to levitate off the ground.

Uriel's skin turns to ice.

"Levit... levitation... they art... PSIONS?!"

An instant later, the swarm of five hundred Kolvaxians takes to the air, no longer moving with the clumsiness of mindless monsters, but with the cold, precise minds of alien hunters.

A swarm of Psiovaxians charges after Uriel and her brothers, making all of them feel terror in their hearts.

"They're Psions!" Gabriel roars. "All of them! We were fooled!"

At the same time, across Maiura's multiple battlefronts, seemingly ordinary Kolvaxians rise up, taking to the skies as they race toward Mount Adams' peak. On the Southern Front, Hope and his allies come under attack by hundreds of Psiovaxians as they also reveal the truth of their nature.

"Help! Help us- AAAAHH!!"

A Legionnaire screams pitifully as his body is blasted to pieces by a psionic force exceeding what even a Demon Emperor could output.

Sprinkled among the Psiovaxians are not only 3rd and 4th and 5th Level Psions, but 6th Level Psions and a pair of 7th Level Psions.

Hope and the other humans become panicked as their understanding of the Kolvaxians instantly upends itself. Hope wields Excalibur with every last drop of power he can summon, while Beelzebub flies around, blasting the 6th and 7th Level Psions with the full force of his nuclear hellfire.

Not even caring about fighting alongside a Demon Emperor, Hope and Beelzebub try to protect the humans from the skies while Henry and the Legionnaires battle on the ground. The weaker Psions, still far more powerful than Demon Dukes and Emperors while also possessing Cosmic bodies, beat the hell out of the human soldiers, killing one after another of their weakest members.

"We can't keep this up!" One of the Legionnaires screams. "We need to escape! Commander Hiro, help!!"

Two portals open in the sky. The figures of Demon Deity Kristoff and Melody appear, both of them acting hurriedly to try and reverse the changing situation on Maiura at Demon Deity Auger's command.

This time, instead of summoning spears made of blood, Kristoff reaches through the portal and taps into the power of blood to forcefully empower the bodies of all the humans, as well as Beelzebub. He metaphorically boils their blood, increasing their healing factor and filling them with boundless energy, all while conjuring a Blood Legion of demonic monsters on the outskirts to act as meatshields for the humans.

Kristoff's goal this time is not to kill the Kolvaxians, but to save the humans. As such, he changes up his strategy to try and operate on the defense as much as possible.

At the same time, Demon Deity Melody weaponizes her power over sound to fire concentrated blasts of sound downward, being careful not to unleash wide-area damage, but only to target the strongest Kolvaxians within her line of sight.

Hope conjures a force field around the troopers and himself, using Excalibur as a battery to empower and strengthen the shield, while Beelzebub flickers around outside the shield, going on the offense to unleash hellfire and lightning on his foes.

Beelzebub grits his teeth. "Weak! I'm too weak!"

Even his most powerful and concentrated flames sputter uselessly against the hardened psionic barriers of the 7th Level Psiovaxians. When the two 7th Level Psiovaxians work together to attack and suppress him, Beelzebub becomes crippled, unable to assist the others. Thankfully, Melody's sonic screams impact the Psiovaxian elites with enough force to shatter their shields, freeing Beelzebub from their deadly embrace.

...

Five hundred Psiovaxians chase down Archangel Uriel. Among them is a single 7th Level Psiovaxian, a powerhouse with the ability to warp and bend space. This lone creature possesses psionic strength at the Bottom Level of Cosmic Power, allowing it to easily outpace the Archangel, arriving in front of her while blasting her with a beam of necrotic death energy. Uriel screams in pain as that deadly beam rips a hole in her stomach, badly wounding her and crippling her movement.

Still, she perseveres! Uriel's eyes figuratively glow with wrath, and she flaps her wings, turning her body into a battering ram. She summons a wall of holy energy and slams it into the Psiovaxian, sending it careening away.

But, that momentary pause gives the weaker horde of Psiovaxians time to catch up! Raphael, Michael, and Gabriel hurry to shield their sister from behind, using their own bodies as divine walls and their abilities as obfuscation.

Uriel hurriedly tries to fly away, but multiple powerful tendrils of telekinetic energy snap at her, weave between her brothers' fragile barrier, and wrap around her limbs, ensnaring and preventing her from escaping.

With a mighty roar, Uriel's eyes begin to shine with divine power.

"THOU SHALT NOT BIND ME!"

_Boom!_ 

She detonates divine energy in her body, blasting apart those otherwise powerful but invisible chains of telekinesis, then she flaps her wings again, rushing toward the mountain top.

From afar, she easily sees the thousands of Kolvaxians swarming every side of Mount Adams. Her heart turns pale as many of the nearest ones turn to look at her, then leap into the air, conjuring psionic power to fly toward her from every conceivable direction.

_No! Damnation!_ Uriel roars in her mind. _I shalt not be bound! I shalt not fall here!_

She moves quickly, dodging and weaving as she picks out a small momentary gap in the incoming encirclement. She starts to race toward it, but at that moment, the 7th Level Psiovaxian flickers into position, its faceless gaze seemingly meeting her eyes.

_Shit!!_ Uriel curses internally, looking around for a different gap in the incoming enemies.

Just as she is about to move toward one last glimmer of freedom...

_CRACK!_

Something smashes into Uriel's back, sending her careening toward the planet below, and straight into the horde of Kolvaxians.

_BOOM!!_

Uriel crashes helplessly into the indestructible bodies of her faceless foes. She panics as powerful hands grab at her from all directions. She tries to break free, but she fails to find leverage. The Kolvaxians rip her spear from her hands, then crash into Michael and Gabriel, swarming them and ripping their construct bodies apart until they return to motes of light.

Her eyes jump into the sky, as if looking for a savior. What she sees instead leaves her momentarily stunned.

There are two 7th Level Kolvaxians, their auras completely identical. One of them struck her, but the other was the one that blocked her passage.

_So there were two..._ Uriel thinks, as countless hands pull at her face and mouth, grabbing her wings and pulling her back, back, down toward the ground.

She tries to fight them off, but it doesn't matter. Her strength is not enough to save her.

Her eyes flicker as her legs are dragged underground.

One of the two 7th Level Psiovaxians vanishes, leaving only the other in place. At that moment, she seems to realize something.

_It was... an... illusion?!_

The last thing Uriel sees as her torso and arms are pulled underground is her eldest brother, Raphael, staring down at her, his expression dark, but no intent on his face to try and save her.

"Raph-!"

Uriel tries to scream his name, but dirt rushes into her mouth and the ground swallows her whole. The horde drags her into the planet's depths.

Raphael closes his eyes, and then his construct body dissipates into motes of light.

...

"Come on, everyone! We don't have much time!" General Chadwick shouts, waving his arms in a spiral motion toward the glowing Warpgate leading to the Labyrinth Core.

Tens of troopers rush past every second while Creator Demila and her Psionic Constructs do battle with the Psiovaxians trying to fly over the walls and attack the humans. 

Luckily, Demila is a million-year-old war veteran who has fought tens of thousands of battles against foes both weak and strong. Against the vast majority of other 7th Level Psions, she will win decisively in battle, with only the most powerful elites posing a real threat. Even when the 7th Level Psiovaxians attack, she is able to hold them back.

With Demila providing an effective shield from the Psiovaxians outside, the humans manage to contain their panic and flee in a relatively orderly, if hurried manner.

The rhythmic booming of Kolvaxians smashing their bodies against the Wordsmithium underneath constantly amps up the adrenaline and fear in the trooper's minds, but they still act like professional soldiers and not unruly civilians.

All of that changes when, out of nowhere, the ground explodes.

Between the Warpgate and the remaining few thousand men and women, a massive hole blasts upward, and Psiovaxians begin pouring out of it, charging toward the juicy humans still inside Fort Adams.

"Oh no! NO!" Chadwick exclaims, his face turning pale.

Neil quickly pulls a gun off his back and fires into the horde, as does his wife. At the same time, the instant the hole erupts, the Warpgate shuts off, its connection severed from the other side. The humans inside the Core wouldn't take a chance of allowing even one of those horrible monsters into Hell, or it could mean the end of all sentient life in the Milky Way!

"Stand and fight!" Neil roars.

The remaining few thousand humans, none of them Legionnaires, all of them ordinary humans and a scattering of monsters, whip out their guns and fire into the horde, their bullets proving nearly useless. Even the heavier cannons only knock one or two Kolvaxians back at a time, and the swarm rapidly descends upon them.

At that moment, five figures materialize inside the Fortress, between the defenseless humans and their monstrous foes. Five figures clad in golden Wordsmithium regalia imbued with massive amounts of magical power.

Jason Hiro's Dronesmiths!

Much stronger than the last time he fought the Kolvaxians impromptu on the world of Reaver, Jason's drones stand valiantly, creating powerful barriers of energy to beat back the horde. At the same time, he materializes multiple portals at the rear of the remaining soldiers, spatial gates leading back to safety.

"Go!!" One of the Dronesmiths shouts. "I'll hold them off!"

Unwilling to stand idly on the sidelines any longer, Jason takes direct action and protects his fellow humans, causing Neil to look at him in a new light. Chadwick, Linda, and the rest all quickly turn tail and run, but Neil pauses for half a second, directing a look of admiration Jason's way.

"...I was wrong about you." Neil mutters. "This is how a true Hero should act."

Jason doesn't hear Neil's words, or perhaps he does but chooses not to acknowledge them. His Dronesmiths blast extremely potent beams of energy at random Psiovaxians, ripping their cellular makeup to shreds and atomizing them into piles of ash and gore.

Neil finally turns and runs. As he follows up behind his men and women, the last dozen of them make it through Jason's portals.

Linda pauses, turning to gesture to her husband.

"Come on, Neil!"

The ground explodes behind Neil. A Psiovaxians pounces at him, but luckily the human Commander has enough of a headstart to escape its attack. With Demila hovering above protectively, just one single Psion won't be able to catch him.

But then, Neil trips.

His feet somehow move incorrectly. He clumsily stumbles over seemingly nothing, losing his balance.

Neil's heart turns cold. He faceplants against the floor, a look of horror in his eyes.

Trip, how could he trip? There's no way he could be so clumsy!

He tries to jump to his feet and keep running, but for some reason, his body seems to become much heavier than before. The subtle interactions of his muscles don't function in the way his brain expects, making him take seconds longer to get up then they usually should.

And then, the Kolvaxian pounces on him.

"NEIL!!" Linda screams, taking aim with her gun to shoot uselessly at the monster wrapping its arms around her husband's chest from behind.

She watches, horrified, as the creature yanks Neil backward, dives into the dirt, and disappears with him, dragging her husband into the depths of Maiura's soil.

Just like that, Neil disappears, with even Jason unable to save him.

Linda's pupils shrink to pinpricks. She stares, dazed, unable to move, seemingly watching and waiting for Neil to return.

But he doesn't.

Neil Adams is gone.

Jason Hiro, watching from Chrona, turns pale with horror. That Psiovaxian in particular exuded a powerful field of Chaos energy that limited his ability to affect the situation. Short of fighting it in melee combat, Jason could not have saved Neil with so little time to react.

"Neil! Neil, no..." Jason whispers.

Chadwick grabs Linda. He pulls her away, and the last of the humans inside Fort Adams beat a hasty retreat. With all of them gone, the Dronesmiths no longer have any reason to stay. And so, they vanish, leaving only Creator Demila behind.

Demila's expression remains inscrutable. She flickers away, leaving the Kolvaxians to crawl around and take over Fort Adams. She teleports into the battle at the Southern Front to assist the last remaining humans there, and eventually, Hope opens a portal, allowing everyone to escape. Jason teleports Beelzebub back to Tarus II, and the last remaining humans disappear from Maiura, condemning it to the Plague for the foreseeable future. With them gone, Demon Deities Kristoff and Melody also fade away, Yardrat sealing off his portals so the Psiovaxians won't be able to travel to their worlds.

Only the Executors remain in the skies above, battling their Kolvaxor foes.

[Everyone! You must retreat!] Creator Demila urges. [The humans have all escaped! Do not stay here and damn yourselves to oblivion!]

[Easier said than done!] Executor Sartran complains. [Dammit! These False Ones are too powerful! We can't extricate ourselves! What are we going to do?!]

As soon as he asks the question, Jason's five Dronesmiths materialize in the air, joining the battle.

"You Executors flee!" Jason declares. "I'll hold them off! You just need to escape so we don't feed another Cosmic body to them!"

And with that, Jason manages to hold off the Kolvaxors long enough for the Executors to break away and flee for their lives. The psionic vibrations of five thousand Psiovaxians pursuing from behind chills them to their bones, forcing them and Demila to pick up the pace.

The Psions all race into the Void as fast as they can, ditching the planet and leaving with their tails tucked between their legs while Jason's Dronesmiths fight at full power to try and make the Psiovaxians bleed.

Unfortunately, Jason quickly finds that stalling the Kolvaxor hosts is the best outcome he can attain. He fails to land any deadly blows on them, and Kolvaxor Huron ultimately tears through the Dronesmiths like a hot knife through butter, shredding them apart and forcing them to self destruct.

The battle ends on Maiura with a complete victory for the Kolvaxians, and a total loss for humanity.

But it is what comes next that seals humanity's ultimate fate...