Part 337: First Contact

The VLL Hatoraxia hovers in the void, roughly a hundred miles above Tarus II's surface. Its stealth modules camouflage it from view, making the primitive species on the planet below unable to see Captain Kordonis's vessel.

Sangin Kordonis, the newly promoted Ambassador for Founder-Human Relations, stands at attention on his ship's Bridge, observing several readouts detailing the nearby planet's activity.

"Mud-dwellers, indeed." Kordonis says. "There is a small settlement on the moon of Kelkin, but its people are incapable of detecting us. Similarly, the humans on Tarus II lack the technology to penetrate our stealth systems. I expected better from the Wordsmith, given how Founder Unarin spoke of him."

Standing at Kordonis's side, Invocator Miikil scans the local world and its moon with her psionic sense. While nowhere near as powerful and versatile as sixth, seventh, eighth, and ninth-ranked Psions, a fifth-ranker like herself still manages to survey hundreds of kilometers of Tarus II's surface with ease.

[I've located the Wordsmith.] Miikil says. [I have also detected a creature boasting a high reserve of mana. I believe they are the former Second Emperor of Demonkind, Belial, rumored to live among the mud-dwellers.]

"Our intelligence suggests several high-ranking defectors have joined the humans' side, but not many of them are demons." Kordonis comments dryly.

[I do indeed sense the presences of a few low-ranking demons, but they mostly only consist of Lords. As for the Archangels, I cannot detect them... oh?]

Miikil cocks her head.

[I sense the presence of two Holy Energy signatures, but they appear much weaker than I expected. If they are two of the Archangels, then their strength appears to have dropped significantly since the battle on Hell Harbor. Perhaps they are different angels?]

Kordonis nods. "Perhaps. If the Wordsmith has somehow revived the Archangels, then bringing back lesser angels should be expected."

The two of them check several additional readouts, eventually completing their preliminary survey of the planet.

"Founder Unarin insists we make friends with the Wordsmith, if possible." Kordonis says. "That being said, I cannot help but wonder if a preliminary attack wouldn't eliminate his threat in an instant. The planet has few safeguards in place, only a five-hundred-meter wall of artificially hardened crystal which surrounds the primary Terran living space."

He shakes his head. "No, never mind. We should never question the Founders. Founder Unarin knows best."

[Founder Unarin is wise. He is just.] Miikil affirms. [I am going to scan the Hero more closely, now.]

Miikil focuses her senses, piercing Jason Hiro's body from afar with a gaze that sees through his bones, his marrow, and even his cellular structure itself. Even with a hundred miles separating the two of them, the young Psion easily makes out the Hero as if he were standing inches away.

[Currently, the Hero wears some sort of nanite-based armor system.] Miikil comments. [I am too ignorant to comment on its composition, but I will transmit my mental impressions to you, Captain.]

Kordonis remains silent as Miikil copies the images from her mind and 'uploads' them to the Technopath Captain's brain.

Several seconds later, she stops, leaving Kordonis to sift through the images.

"It is a primitive design," Kordonis says, "yet surprisingly power-efficient and light on resource-consumption. Given the humans have only rebelled for a mere six orbital cycles, the design of this armor system is quite good. I imagine that they will improve it over time."

[Mmm. I will read the Hero's thoughts,] Miikil says. [Perhaps I may glean some useful intelligence from him before we begin our descent.]

"You have my permission." Kordonis replies.

Miikil focuses her mind. As the first skill that all Psions ever learn, Miikil enhances her telepathic abilities to form a piercing beam of telepathic energy. She reaches toward the Wordsmith's mind and attempts to break through, only to flinch in shock, making her eyes widen.

[Nnn! Rrrgh! Something is wrong! There is... a barrier... surrounding the Wordsmith's mind! Ahh! So many thoughts! His mind is formidable! It is as if he is thinking with four parallel brains at once! All of them are working together to keep me out- oh no!]

Alarms flash on the Hatoraxia's Bridge. Several Bridge officers rush around, checking displays.

"Our cloaking field has dropped!"

"Attempting to reinitiate cloaking mechanisms! Failure! All of the power conduits have stopped working!"

[What caused the malfunction?]

"Unknown! We cannot locate the failure point!"

As the Hatoraxia's officers struggle to fix the sudden failure of their ship's stealth systems, Invocator Miikil takes a step back and sags into her second-in-command chair.

[The Wordsmith knows.] She says. [He is coming for us.]

Kordonis frowns. "What does he know? What are you saying? Did he do this?"

[Yes. He cast a magical spell after locking onto my position. He's traced us and found the Hatoraxia. We don't have long before-]

Miikil doesn't get to finish her sentence.

As she speaks, a pair of alien life-forms materialize on the Hatoraxia's Bridge. One of them is a human cloaked in metallic, nanite-based armor. The other is a high-ranking demoness with Emperor-level horns, wearing a shockingly small amount of clothing. The human's faceless armor and tall, muscular build gives him an intimidating presence that dwarfs all the Volgrim on the Bridge.

Immediately, the Bridge goes quiet as all of the officers reflexively spin to face the newcomer in their midst. Intruder alarms go off, warning the ship's crew of the newcomers, but for some reason, nobody makes an immediate move. All of their bodies lock in place, including Invocator Miikil and her Captain as well.

Frozen by some unknown force, Kordonis's eyes widen. He fights back against the invisible pressure holding his body in place, but no matter how he struggles, he fails to move a muscle.

_What's going on?!_ Kordonis thinks, his mind swirling in a panic. _Has the Wordsmith attacked us?!_

His thoughts get picked up by Miikil, who also ends up frozen in place, unable to move.

[No! The Wordsmith's emotions are not tumultuous. He has simply-]

"Hello." Jason Hiro, the leader of humanity says, interrupting Miikil's private words to her captain. "So you're the ones who were trying to peer into my thoughts just now. I recognize this ship. It's the same one I disabled some time ago, in Hell Harbor's system."

His calm tone sends chills down Kordonis's spine. The fact that his crew has been rendered defenseless in an instant makes the Captain feel utterly inferior and incapable of fighting back. So suppressive is the Wordsmith's power that Kordonis, if only for a moment, considers him more frightening than Unarin himself!

"You... we..." Kordonis sputters, speaking in the Wordsmith's native language instead of Volgarian. "We are... not here to fight! We come in peace."

Realizing that his plan to intimidate the Hero with a show of Volgrim might has failed, Kordonis pivots to a second option, attempting to display the more benevolent side of his species.

Belial, standing beside the Wordsmith, glances around the Hatoraxia.

"Founder Unarin really sent out the C-Team, huh? And here you'd think he'd want to leave a strong impression on the leader of humanity. The mightiest Psion present is barely even a 5th-rank grunt. The Captain doesn't bear any stripes. It's a ship full of insignificant nobodies."

The Wordsmith glances at Belial and nods. An instant later, the suppressive pressure holding everyone in place abruptly vanishes, causing several Bridge officers to stumble forward and collapse against their consoles. Their original desire to intimidate the Hero reverses, making all of them feel smaller than ants before his presence.

"I've released you." The Wordsmith says. "Don't do anything stupid. Consider this an act of goodwill, since it's clear you didn't bring along an invasion force."

The Wordsmith eyeballs Sangin Kordonis up and down.

"You're in charge?"

Kordonis nods heavily. He struggles to keep his body from shaking, due to the alarm the Wordsmith caused him.

"...I am." He says. "My designation is Sangin Kordonis. I was sent here by the First Founder Unarin himself. He wishes to extend diplomatic negotiations to the leader of humanity, the Wordsmith, Jason Hiro. Judging by your means of arrival... you must be him."

Jason remains aloof, examining the Technopath elite casually. He doesn't seem to worry that the Volgrim might attack him.

"You know a lot about me." Jason says. "I guess I've been a bit too active, lately. I knew the Volgrim would come knocking sooner or later."

"It was you we encountered in the Hell Harbor system..." Sangin Kordonis says. "And it is you who has upended the Labyrinth Core, recently. The Founders have investigated you, and they have interrogated the leader of demonkind, Emperor Ose. They are aware of your abilities and wish to extend you the same courtesies they previously have to the demons."

"The same courtesies." Jason repeats, his tone turning cold. "Is that why you've come? You ignored humanity's plight for 100,000 years and left my people to suffer under the torture of our demonic oppressors... yet you claim to now care about our welfare?"

The Wordsmith takes a step forward, his boot heavily clanking against the deckplate.

"I don't like dishonesty, _Sangin Kordonis._ Speak the truth. You want something from me. I'm guessing it has to do with the _Plague_ that's keeping your Empire busy."

Kordonis stands his ground, eyeing the Wordsmith's faceless helmet with only a hint of worry. His belief in Unarin leaves him confident the Hero won't attack him, for after all, who would be so foolish as to anger the Founders?

Even so, he isn't completely sure if that will save him.

"You know about the Plague." Kordonis states. "You might have gotten that information from the demons, but more likely, you learned of it through Marie Becker. Perhaps when Confessor Vulpanix visited her laboratory and discovered an errant soul flying around?"

The Wordsmith and the Hatoraxia's Captain both remain silent for several long, tense moments. Kordonis's crew gaze at the Wordsmith and their Captain, uncertain whether or not they'll have to engage in hostilities against an opponent capable of subduing them with a single word.

For once, the proud and haughty Volgrim feel less than capable when facing a so-called 'primitive mud-dweller.'

The Wordsmith raises his hand. He taps the side of his helmet, causing it to dissipate into particles and reveal his unprotected head.

"Indeed. That was me." Jason states, smiling cooly. "I barely escaped with my life. But... judging by our interaction so far, your 'Founders' appear to have moved on from that misunderstanding. So, let's cut the crap. Why are you really here, and what do you want from me?"

The human takes a step back, arriving at Belial's side. The two of them exchange knowing glances, and their eyes linger on each other for a few seconds.

In that moment, Invocator Miikil transmits a warning to her Captain.

[The Wordsmith and Second Emperor are conversing telepathically. I am unable to intercept their words. Forgive me, but my abilities are too weak.]

Kordonis shifts his posture slightly, but otherwise says nothing verbally or mentally to his second-in-command. He merely waits for Jason to turn back to him before answering the Wordsmith's previous questions.

"I had hoped our meeting would go differently," Kordonis states. "But what's done is done. Why am I here? Founder Unarin has heard of the demonic attacks on Tarus II by Emperor Ose. As per the old treaties, he should have been informed of your insurrection, but Ose moved in secret and without his knowledge. We understand that her intent was to capture you and forcibly use your powers against your will, and to her benefit. This has angered the Five Founders, and now they wish to see justice restored on your behalf."

Kordonis nods at a nearby Technopath officer, who activates a holographic projection of several large, metallic crates.

"We have reserved one hundred 'war provisions' worth of equipment, food, and other useful resources which your people can use to rebuild. We understand that the demons detonated some sort of thermonuclear device inside your city and killed over a million inhabitants. Our resources will assist you in rebuilding much more quickly."

"How very generous of your Founders." Jason says, his expression hardening. "Your leaders must truly be the most benevolent beings in existence to give me such a windfall for free while fighting the so-called 'Plague.' I don't suppose they would want some sort of repayment in exchange for their generosity, would they?"

Kordonis meets the Hero's gaze.

"What do you know of the Plague?" He asks. "Are you familiar with the creatures that have ravaged our galaxy for the past eighty-five thousand cycles?"

"I don't know anything about them." Jason answers. "But if your 'almighty' civilization is suffering to the point that it can only send this 'low class' diplomatic vessel here, then I think I can safely assume you have fallen into dire straits."

Kordonis lowers his eyes.

"Indeed. Modern times have become both difficult and dangerous. The Volgrim, the demons, and even your people are now under threat by the Plague menace. It started as a parasitic infection, and quickly spread across several sectors..."

Kordonis takes a few minutes to explain the threat his people face, and by proxy, the threat humanity and demonkind may soon fall under if nothing changes.

The more Jason hears, the more downcast his expression becomes. He glances at Belial and frowns.

"Did you know about any of this?"

The former Second Emperor shrugs. "I heard about a 'Plague' many millennia ago, but I assumed the Volgrim were on their way to cleaning it up. After all, if they couldn't deal with some new enemy, how could the demons? Their might vastly exceeds ours. Other than that, I didn't pay attention to a lot of happenings following Satan's death..."

Her tone becomes lightly wistful, and she looks away, clearly uncomfortable with talking about the deceased Devil any more.

Jason respects her wishes and resumes talking to Kordonis.

"So let me get this straight. There is an infectious disease in the Milky Way which turns living creatures into... what, zombies? And then they attack the populace. Somehow, they possess the ability to travel across space, yet you aren't certain how the Plague does this, and you're unable to properly contain its spread. Did I get everything?"

Kordonis winces. "Yes. That is why the Founders seek to make amends with you. Your strength could prove pivotal in upending the Plague. If it defeats my people, it will come for yours next. It is indiscriminate and unstoppable. With your Wordsmithing, you might be able to come up with some novel ways to defeat it."

Jason lifts his chin to stare down the notably shorter Technopath Captain.

"So you _do_ want something from me. Handouts never come freely, as expected."

"Once you have rebuilt your world, Founder Unarin wishes to invite you to the Founder's Hand." Kordonis explains. "He wishes to talk to you in person, but he is a very busy person and cannot come here himself."

"Busy getting his ass kicked," Belial says, rejoining the conversation. "It sounds like your people are desperate for help. But don't you think your actions come off disingenuous? You paid no attention to humanity until it could offer you something. Now millions have died because of your inattentiveness. A few measly 'war provisions' will hardly settle the debt."

"Ah..." Kordonis says, pausing to stare at her meaningfully. "It seems you... don't understand the value of the First Founder's gift. A single War Provision is incalculably valuable in our society. Ninety-nine percent of our people will never obtain one, and of those who do, they will often have to share it with a large group of other Volgrim. It is, essentially, a form of rare monetary compensation, something humans will be familiar with, except what it purchases is far beyond anything you can imagine."

He gestures to Invocator Miikil.

"If my esteemed Invocator colleague here were to obtain a War Provision, she could apply for several hundred cycles of personal training with a high-ranking Psion. This would allow her to evolve far faster than her compatriots, rapidly turning her into an elite warrior. By the end of her training period, she might already be a seventh or eighth-ranked Psion."

Belial widens her eyes. "Oh! Well, actually... that does sound quite valuable."

Jason nods. "It does. Frankly, I don't need your resources or gifts. I can already uplift my people to heights you can't imagine _without_ any help. However, the process I had planned would take a significant amount of time, and this generous 'gift' from your Founders would certainly speed up the process. Still, I have to consult with my advisors before accepting. After all, only a fool would rush himself into debt needlessly."

"A fair compromise." Kordonis states.

He pauses.

"By the way, Jason Hiro. I must ask... the attack on Hell Harbor... was it your doing?"

Jason blinks. "What attack?"

Kordonis scrutinizes the Terran's face, but he fails to find any sign of deception.

"...The Cherubiim was... not your doing?"

"Err..." Jason grunts, then raises an eyebrow. "Cherubiim? What is...? Ah!"

His eyes flicker with insight. He looks away, then rubs his head thoughtfully. He spends several long seconds staring off into space while rubbing a simple golden ring on his finger, before turning back to Kordonis.

"I see. The Cherubiim, you said? It attacked the demons?"

"Indeed. You know of this creature, then." Kordonis says, not bothering to ask a question, but instead speak a statement. "Did you unleash the Cherubiim upon the Demon populace? We have already confirmed the presence of two angel-class lifeforms on your world. We thought their entire species had been rendered extinct, but now there seem to be at least five of them still alive. What say you regarding their survival?"

Jason smiles.

"I did not send the Cherubiim to attack Hell Harbor. In fact, I was unaware the Archangels had made such a sudden attack. They did not inform me of their plans. But yes, I am aware of their existences. No, I did not bring them back from the dead."

The Wordsmith leans forward, and his smile widens by a small amount.

"Your people simply didn't clean up well enough. I didn't need to bring the Archangels back, because they never died in the first place. Now, is there anything else I can help you with?"

Kordonis hesitates.

"I... suppose not. I will have to inform Founder Unarin of your response."

"That's fine." Jason says. "But as of this moment, the Tarus System is part of humanity's sovereign domain. You are not to set foot on Tarus II, the moon of Kelkin, or any other world without my permission. I would appreciate it if you took your vessel out past the furthest planet to await my reply. Only venture back on official business, and take care to respect my species' privacy."

The Wordsmith narrows his eyes, and his smile turns chilly.

"Anything more, and I will consider it a provocation. I would prefer not to subject such honorable delegates as yourselves to a 'diplomatic incident.' Do we have an understanding?"

Invocator Miikil steps toward the Hero. [Watch your tone, mud-dweller! Our ship may not frighten you, but we are representatives of the Five Founders, the sovereign rulers of the Milky Way! If you continue to insult us and turn up your nose, the Founders will-!]

"Calm down, Miikil," Kordonis says, waving his hand in her direction. "We will make concessions to adequately satisfy the Wordsmith's wishes. After all, we are requesting his assistance. It won't do for us to throw our authority around, unwarranted."

[But...]

"I have spoken." Kordonis concludes. "Forgive my Vice-Captain, Wordsmith. She holds strong feelings for the Five Founders, as do we all."

"I understand." Jason replies. "I won't bully the young. Take care."

His helmet reactivates, and Jason Hiro warps off the Bridge along with Belial, leaving all the Volgrim personnel to stare at their departed afterimages in quiet contemplation.

"How worrying..." Kordonis mutters. "The Wordsmith bypassed all our defenses and rendered us incapable of retaliation. Nobody could move a muscle. Founder Unarin gave me several files detailing his known and hypothesized abilities, but reading data-files is very different from experiencing them in person."

[What do you think the Wordsmith's relationship with the Second Emperor is?] Miikil asks. [They seemed close, but far from intimate. Do you think she is his sexual consort?]

"Your guess is as good as mine." Kordonis replies. "I know little about the primitive biological interactions of mud-dwellers. Were you able to read the Second Emperor's mind?"

[No. The Wordsmith's protective energy extended to Belial, as well.]

"Hmph. Founder Unarin was correct. This Wordsmith is... worrying. He's more intelligent than I imagined. It seems he will not be a simple person to bend to our will."

As Kordonis ruminates on his conversation with the Wordsmith, an alarm beeps on the Hatoraxia's Bridge.

"C-Captain!" Another Technopath crew-member exclaims. "The Planet! Tarus II! It is... becoming indistinct!"

"What? Explain!" Kordonis barks.

However, even as he utters those words, the Technopath glances out the Hatoraxia's windows, where he spots the beautiful green and blue world of Tarus II slowly becoming fainter and fainter, as if turning invisible.

[By the Founders!] Miikil exclaims. [What is going on?! How is that... that _anomaly_ occurring?!]

"We've detected extreme levels of magical energy coming from an unknown location in subspace," The officer answers. "These focused particles have enveloped the world of Tarus II. They are coagulating into a field of interference. Our sensors can't penetrate the exterior!"

As Kordonis watches, Tarus II continues to fade away, until eventually, it becomes completely invisible and disappears from his sight.

Invocator Miikil roars in exasperation. [He... the Wordsmith... turned an entire world invisible?! Impossible. The Founders will never believe this happened!]

"No." Kordonis says, calming his voice. "The planet isn't invisible. Instead, an energy field has surrounded it, blocking it from our sight. I suspect that if we were to descend below the layer of interference, we would see the planet once again."

His eyes lose focus as he gazes downward, at the floor.

"This Wordsmith... his powers defy reality. I have heard my elders propose the usage of a planet-sized 'Laprox Cage,' but never did I think the Wordsmith could so casually construct one mere seconds after leaving. Truly, we cannot afford to underestimate his genius."

The Captain gestures to his Navigational Officer.

"Set a course back to Volgarius. I must report today's events to the Founders, preferably in person."

"Yes, Captain."

Kordonis shoots one last look at the empty space where Tarus II once hung. As his ship turns around to set a course back to Volgarius, he shakes his head.

_We must not make an enemy of humanity's leader!_