Part 301: Archangel's Rampage

The darkness of night covers one of Hell Harbor's miniature continents, the one upon which the Hidden Emperors have decided to gather for their meeting. However, amidst the darkness, a single radiant light shines like a star, illuminating the area around it for several miles.

Uriel, the Archangel of Retribution, cackles evilly as she holds a truck-sized ball of holy energy above her head.

"**OBLIVION!!**"

She hurls the sphere straight down, directly toward the center of the gathered Emperors and Dukes.

Immediately, every combat-capable warrior springs into action. The weakest attendants dive to the deck, seeking to defend themselves from the demon-damning light of divinity. Ose, possessing Bael's all-but-invincible body, jumps directly toward the light, experiencing a split-second of glee as she realizes that the once-agonizing radiance no longer causes her anything more than mild discomfort. 

At the same time, Emperor Yardrat sweeps his hands to his sides, casting a wide-area temporal spell that grabs more than two dozen of the weakest entities in the area, including several dukes and both of the humans, and teleports them multiple miles away to safety.

Wolfram, the Emperor of Rending, and Lupus, the Emperor of Scales, also jump forward to meet the divine light. As werewolves, modified demons with physiology altered by the Dark Hero Dracula, they suffer far less damage from the power of creation compared to other demons.

The Ancient Orcs, Maltus and Huul, mirror the others by stepping up to battle the Archangel. As monsters, they possess no inherent weaknesses to demonkind's greatest threat. Both orcs summon the power of their innate battle-rage to roar at the sky, sending raw mana upward to meet Uriel's death-ball as it rushes toward them.

Gorn, unlike all the others, takes a step back. Not out of fear, but because in this opening moment, he cannot offer much assistance. However, even in only the span of mere seconds, his mind churns at a hundred miles an hour.

_Uriel's energy does not seem to have changed much since the last time I saw her. What a fool! Ose alone managed to cripple and subdue her the last time they fought. How can she be so stupid as to attack a gathering of demonkind's mightiest forces? I had better put an end to her threat myself, once and for all! That alone will grant me a sizable amount of prestige in the eyes of the other Emperors._

Uriel's bomb explodes when it collides against the power of both Ancient Orcs. Their shockwave shield proves only slightly inferior to Uriel's attack, but it still manages to shove away a sizable portion of the holy-bomb's destructive energy. Even so, at least twenty percent of the divine light shreds through the improvised and hastily-executed shield, phasing into the bodies of all the demons present and making them scream in pain.

Yardrat's skin crackles like a firecracker, acting as if someone had thrown boiling oil directly onto him. "Aaaargh!"

Emperor Fenrir shrieks in pain. She staggers backward, shielding her eyes from the brilliant sun-like radiance. "Accursed Archangel!"

Of the Hell of Lust's members, only one remains; Jahn, the Duke of Cuddles. As the most adept member of his Hell at combat, aside from Belial herself, he alone can put up something of a fight against an Archangel. Even so, he too drops to his knees and cries out in pain as Uriel's divinity scorches him at the cellular level.

The instant the holy bomb's radiance drops, the previously charging orcs, werewolves, and mighty demons pounce at Uriel, ready to rip her apart.

"You stupid, arrogant bitch!" Lupus roars, as she rears her werewolf claws back. "You've damned yourself to a bloody death by coming here!"

She and Wolfram tear at the Archangel the instant they come within range, only for their claws to crash against an almost invisible barrier of holy energy. Still, they shatter it with a single strike and follow up with a second, only for Uriel to teleport away through Barbatos's portal magic.

She instantly reappears just a few feet away from Ose.

"I had better take care of the Duke of Pain first!" Uriel laughs.

Mistaking Ose for Bael, Uriel conjures a portal and punts Ose through it before she can react. Then, the Archangel seals it shut.

Uriel grins to herself with glee.

_I've sent the Duke of Pain to the farthest side of this accursed world, deep beneath its seas. Even Yardrat will need some time to locate and bring him back. With him out of the way, this next part shall be far easier._

Yardrat, still suffering from holy energy burns, grits his teeth and transmits a message though a telepathic link that he and every other demon in the Hell of Punishment share with their leader.

[My liege, Emperor Auger! Archangel Uriel has appeared! Send reinforcements to my location!]

An instant later, Yardrat receives only a few curt words from his master in return.

[You will be enough. Remind the others what a fraction of our Hell's power looks like.]

Suddenly, a massive amount of demonic energy surges into Yardrat's body. The Emperor of the Void gasps in surprise. A faint look of greedy delight enters his eyes, while a maniacal grin flashes across his face.

[I will not disappoint you, my liege!]

Uriel begins moving at remarkably fast speeds. She conjures her four constructs and spreads them out to attack multiple targets at once. The gravitic cube forces a few of the weakest Emperors to their knees, but only for a few moments. Fenrir quickly pulls herself up while glaring hate-filled daggers at the Archangel.

"Wicked wench. You scarred my face."

The artillery orb shoots oscillating blasts of fire, water, air, and earth in all directions, knocking the orcs and werewolves back a little, but barely slowing them down for the most part.

The female angelic construct shoots holy energy-filled arrows at various targets while also summoning magical barriers. The male construct raises its sword and shield, then charges at Emperor Gorn to engage him directly.

Gorn sees the construct charging him and laughs. "Trying to tickle me, Uriel? You'll have to do better than that."

While Uriel and her constructs engage multiple targets, Yardrat rushes toward the Archangel, flickering in and out of reality. His existence momentarily becomes intangible, vaguely resembling Mephisto's mist-form. Multiple blasts of holy energy pass through his body, while he conjures two spears of bone out of nothing and grips them with both hands.

_Boom!_

Yardrat and Uriel crash against each other like the tides against a beach. She summons two spears of light and battles against him in melee combat, effortlessly parrying his comparatively sloppy strikes. In the moments where one of her constructs gets crushed by one of the other Emperors, she traces a rapid pattern with the tip of one spear to resummon it while deflecting Yardrat's follow-up attacks with the other.

"What's the matter?" Uriel taunts Yardrat. "Is Auger too busy to visit me in person? Hath thou been designated his middling stand-in?"

"Speak not ill of my liege, you ancient fossil!" Yardrat roars. His body suddenly grows a full foot in size, while he gains an equivalent amount of muscle. His bone-spears transform into a single metallic greathammer, which he uses by brutally smashing it against Uriel's armor and knocking her backward, directly into the path of Lupus and Wolfram.

The two werewolves grab Uriel's right and left arm, catching her off-guard and pinning her in place. Before she can pull away, Yardrat's hammer turns into a longsword and the Emperor of the Void rushes toward her.

"Die!"

Yardrat flickers through reality, displacing time itself for an instant and reappearing directly in front of the Archangel. He brutally impales her stomach, but instead, his attack passes through her body like air.

Before he or either orc can figure out what just happened, Uriel's figure fades away as if it had never been there.

_THUNK!_

A brutal punch crashes into the back of Yardrat's head, knocking him for a loop and sending him flying into Huul's chest. The Second Ancient grunts as he crashes into her and both go flying. Only the First Ancient, Maltus, remains standing. For a brief moment, surprise flashes through his eyes.

_What just happened? How could Uriel vanish from my grasp without casting a spatial spell? That technique somehow seemed... illusory._

Fenrir keeps away from the main battle. She stays beside Bael and Fae, summoning a layer of blackened energy to engulf her body. Her eyes turn as black as the night, while black flames burst into existence on her hands, a ethereal black wings sprout from her back.

"Bael, Fae. I will attack the Archangel's soul. You will cover me."

The Duke of Pain, now something of a pseudo-Emperor, scratches his head. "Huh? Wait, hold up, toots. I can't help you! I don't got my big strong body anymore. I'm stuck in Ose's flimsy little... thing."

"Just use her lightning abilities or something," Fenrir says, hesitating for a moment. "Wait. Don't tell me. You're too dumb to figure them out."

Bael nods. "Yup. How the hell am I 'sposed to shoot zappy-zaps? I ain't got no idea."

"Then what can you do?" Fenrir replies with a question of her own. "Make it quick! Something about the Archangel seems different from the last time she appeared."

As Uriel engages with ten simultaneous opponents, Bael simply shrugs.

"Dunno. Nothing, I guess? I'm kinda useless right now. I'll just sit this one out. You guys can handle one little flappy bird."

To Fenrir's shock, Bael plops into the demonstone chair and leans back, lounging around while the other Emperors fight Uriel with everything they have.

"Bael!" Fenrir shouts.

"Seriously. I ain't got nothin' ta' offer," Bael says, waving his hand nonchalantly. "Kinda sucks, too. I can't even feel the Balrog in me no more. It's fine though, you guys've got this."

Fenrir hesitates for a few seconds before sighing.

_That makes sense. Bael lost his durable body and he can't use Ose's powers. She received all of the gains in their trade, while he got nothing. He deserves better._

"Fine!" Fenrir says. "But if that's the case, then you should leave. You're in danger, here."

"Meh," Bael replies. "If I die, I die. Already done happened once, wasn't that bad. Felt like I got a good night's sleep. Anyway, good luck with the pigeon! I'm gonna catch some shuteye."

Fenrir turns to Fae, the Emperor of Terror. "And you?"

Fae shakes her head. "Don't look at me. My powers ain't no good for fighting a bloody Archangel! I kill armies, not elites. I'm gonna head out and leave the rest of you to deal with the ugly chicken."

While Fae runs away to save herself, Bael leans back in his chair and closes his eyes, leaving Fenrir to her own devices. She gives up and decides to charge toward Uriel, summoning the mana within herself to prepare a beam of dark soul energy.

"Have a taste of your worst trauma, Archangel!"

Two invisible lasers congeal inside Fenrir's soul and fire from her eyes. They race toward Uriel, locking onto her mana signature like a pair of ravenous sharks.

Meanwhile, Emperor Gorn crushes Uriel's masculine construct for the fifth time, doing so with the utmost ease.

_Alright. It seems I should try 'Vermilion' for this battle. It always leaves quite the impact on those who witness it._

Gorn motions with his finger. He conjures a miniature portal in front of himself, one the color of blood-red, demonic miasma. A red and yellow theater-style mask plops out of it and lands in his hands. It appears surprisingly artistic, with a beak-like nose indentation, two elaborate 'wings' sticking out where the mask meets the ears, and its overall design resembling a fiery bird.

_I still remember the day I received the inspiration for this mask,_ Gorn thinks, as he lifts his hand to pull at his face. _It was the same day I saw an image of the Phoenix emblazoned upon a human church._

Gorn pulls away his 'face', which turns out to be a mask itself. Immediately, a cascade of fiery red and black flames explode around himself, engulfing him in an appearance-shrouding haze for several seconds. As Gorn removes his mask, he places the other one, Vermilion, onto his face, igniting a second flash of brilliant fiery light which engulfs him a second time.

Emperor Gorn's muscles shift and pop. His original mask vanishes into a miniature portal, and his body changes in size to a small, fiery bird the same size as Gorn's original self. His arms turn to wings, while his legs become short, stubby claws. Fire burns across his figure without harming him, and a savage light appears in his eyes.

"Skree! Behold, the power of the Vermilion Bird!"

Gorn spreads his wings, sending a fiery shockwave in all directions, one which causes a few of the other Emperors not locked in combat to widen their eyes in surprise.

"Gorn's Vermilion Face! It feels a bit more powerful than the last time I saw it!"

"I haven't seen that face in at least fifty thousand years!"

Gorn launches himself toward Uriel at the same time as Fenrir. Fenrir's attack strikes the Archangel first, immediately causing Uriel's back to tighten up as the Emperor of Night's soul-piercing glare blasts Uriel's soul.

Horrific visions appear in Uriel's mind. For a moment, every awful trauma she's ever experienced flashes before her eyes. She remembers the loss of all her family members, the moment when Barbatos bit down and chewed off her face, the loss of agency she suffered when that wretched bloodskin consumed her soul.

As these terrible traumas ravage her mind, her combat capability plunges downward. She momentarily freezes up, allowing Wolfram to rake his claws across her chest. He tears away a massive chunk of flesh and armor, spraying Uriel's blood in a wide arc, while Lupus follows up with a spine-shattering kick to the Archangel's back. The two of them end up flinging Uriel in Gorn's direction, who races toward her with flames in his wake.

"Burn, she-angel!"

Gorn becomes intangible the moment he is about to strike Uriel. He phases through her body, allowing the flames behind him to travel past her defenses and scorch her insides.

Uriel shrieks in agony. "Eeeyaaah!!"

All at once, the attacks she so easily defended just moments earlier come whaling on her from all directions like an avalanche. Yardrat's mighty warhammer smashes her helmet and nearly batters her unconscious. That strike sends Uriel flying toward the Duke of Cuddles, who rears back for a mighty kick to blast her back into the sky. Jahn strikes Uriel with deadly precision, sending her hurtling toward both Ancient Orcs. Maltus and Huul motion with their hands to summon two pairs of one handed, enchanted war-axes. They each chop down and cut into Uriel's chest, shattering the majority of her ribs and piercing multiple vital organs.

In just ten short seconds, Uriel receives a beatdown so violent that she becomes utterly unable to fight back. The two Ancient Orcs send her flying to the meeting room below, where she crashes into and obliterates the table, crumbling the demonstone into fine powder.

For a brief moment, the Emperors pause to look at Uriel's body.

"Bird-brained wench." Maltus says. "Ose alone defeated Uriel last time. Coming to fight the majority of Hell's elites was nothing more than a suicide mission. Perhaps her desire to reunite with her fallen brethren has finally broken her sanity."

"Don't underestimate her!" Fenrir shouts. "Keep attacking! Destroy every last inch of that Archangel! Leave nothing to chance!"

"But what about Barbatos?" Jahn asks. "And Artorias?"

"Losing a pair of Dukes is hardly a sacrifice compared to eliminating Hell's second most dangerous foe," Fenrir replies. She races toward Uriel and raises both of her hands, spreading out her fingers to strike like a pair of vipers. "We must kill her today!"

Right as Fenrir is about to connect, Uriel wakes up. She motions with her hands and conjures a portal beneath her body. Before Fenrir's killing blow can land, Uriel falls inside the portal and closes it up behind herself.

_Boom!_

Fenrir strikes the ground, whiffing her last attack.

"Damn! She got away! Yardrat, find her!"

Yardrat, a demon more adept in portal and spatial manipulation than even the most elite Warper, frowns in response.

"I'm looking for her. Give me a minute."

Seconds after he speaks, a portal opens up in the sky and Barbatos's mana signature reappears, making all of the assembled Emperors lift their heads.

"That was a good warm-up." Uriel says, as she cracks her neck. The violent injuries she suffered less than ten seconds earlier no longer appear on her body, but neither do the armor plates that protected her stomach and chest. "I suppose now, 'tis time to treat this battle more seriously."

"How did you heal so quickly?!" Yardrat asks, genuinely shocked. "Since when did Uriel's healing waters restore such grievous wounds in such a short time? Even Belial can't heal wounds in so short a time!"

Uriel doesn't reply. However, beneath her helmet, a deep grin reveals itself.

_Hehehe. Brothers. These bloodskins cannot possibly fathom the lengths to which we have prepared. We must obliterate their ruling class by the end of this day._

Inside her head, a pair of Archangels stand at attention, ready for anything.

Michael, the Archangel of Courage, smiles ever so slightly. "Long has it been since my blade tasted a bloodskin's marrow."

Raphael stands beside him, his gaze focused and intense. "Sister. This second phase will require a certain level of deception. Remember, in the end, we are only three. Act weak when thou art strong, and strong when thou art weak. In this way, we will teach the souls of these demons the art of humility."

Uriel keeps her voice low. "I learned my lesson a long time ago, eldest brother. Worry not. I will not fail. I _cannot_."

The Archangel once again conjures her four constructs. She spreads them out, sending the female construct to engage Emperor Fenrir in close-range combat, and the male to do the same for Gorn. The masculine light-form angel uses its shield to beat back Gorn's flames, and its sword to poke at him every so often, while the female relies mostly on her holy barriers to obstruct and annoy Fenrir.

"These toys serve only to annoy me!" Gorn chirps. He scorches the male construct to ash, only for another one to appear in his path. "They are useless!"

Uriel re-engages with all the other demons, orcs, and werewolves. Even when outnumbered twelve to one, she still holds her own, relying on her light-spears and her long-ranged support constructs to alter the gravity or bombard any enemies who draw too close.

Yardrat, both werewolves, and both orcs launch a five pronged attack on Uriel, striking at her from all directions. The Emperor of the Void wields Auger's mightiest abilities, allowing him to become a monster similar to a half-Balrog. He slaps aside Uriel's spears and tries to grab her throat, but she slips out of his reach like an elusive mongoose fighting a cobra. 

"What are you hoping to achieve?!" Yardrat shouts, annoyed that he still hasn't managed to land a killing blow. "Did you come here only to play around, Uriel?! All you've done is play defense while we slap you around! Don't tell me this is the extent of your abilities?! You will tire, and we will prevail!"

"Believe whatever fiction thou liketh!" Uriel laughs. "My goals are beyond thy comprehension!"

Suddenly, Uriel's eyes glow white. In an instant, her movements change. Like a switch flipping, every facet of her psyche undergoes a complete alteration in their patterns.

Her two spears shatter into particles of light, leaving her completely exposed. Before the demons can take advantage of her moment of weakness, she flicks her fingers and conjures a single longsword into her hand. 

"Come, bloodskins." 'Uriel' says, her tone somewhat deeper, now dripping with condescension. "I tire of these games."

In an instant, Uriel's right arm swishes around her body at a speed far too fast for any of her enemies to follow. Her eyes dart from left to right, up and down, seeing not just the movements of her enemies, but their future actions, the angles of their upcoming attacks, and even the intentions within their hearts.

_BANG-BANG-BANG!_

Uriel's sword crashes against the orc's enchanted axes, Yardrat's warhammer, and the claws of both werewolves, freezing their momentum for a split-second. An instant later, dozens of deep slashes slice across their bodies, causing the orcs to cry out in pain, along with Wolfram and Yardrat. Only Lupus doesn't suffer a severe injury, but a small cut does worm its way past her iron hair and dragon-like scales.

"Aaargh, shit!" The four Emperors cry in unison, as they immediately take a step back. Lupus follows an instant later. Her eyes widen as she senses a dramatic change in Uriel's fighting stance and overall demeanor.

Lupus sucks in a quick breath. _Uriel doesn't specialize in one-handed blades! What just happened?!_

Yardrat also narrows his eyes. _That movement, that speed! I've only heard about it in the legends! Could it be? Has Uriel somehow learned to mimic the abilities of her long-dead brother, Michael?!_

Uriel's gaze, more arrogant than ever, sweeps across her enemies, savoring the fear in their eyes.

"Hmph. This bunch are mere children compared to the Emperors of the past. Belial was the only demon to ever give me a good fight."

Uriel's eyes glow again, causing her posture to change. Her longsword reverts into a pair of spears, and she returns to her previous self.

"'Tis time to claim our first blood." She says, her voice alarmingly calm.

As she speaks, Fenrir struggles to kill the annoying construct that has been dogging her for a fifth time. After breaking through its holy barriers and crushing its head, she starts to move toward the Archangel of Retribution, only to scowl in anger as that same annoying pest regenerates in front of her for a sixth time.

"Bloody hell! This gnat can't hurt me at all, but it sure knows how to get in my way!"

She swipes her black-flame-covered hands at the construct once more, intending to break its shields and body just as she has several times previously. However, as Fenrir goes for the kill, a momentary lapse in her concentration, caused by the repetitive and predictable nature of fighting this useless construct, causes her to miss a small but crucial difference in its behavior.

The female construct's eyes glow.

Fenrir absentmindedly glances in Uriel's direction, confused about why the other five Emperors facing her have pulled back.

"Did something happen?" Fenrir wonders.

She continues to robotically attack the construct, but pays its weak body no mind. In the instant her concentration lapses, the construct flickers out of reality, leaving her grasping at the air.

Fenrir notices the discrepancy a moment too late. "Hm? Wait, where did-?!"

Just as that question starts to materialize in her thoughts, the construct flickers back into existence behind her.

"Hoho. The young are so easy to fool," The construct says, as it stabs its fingers into the back of Fenrir's head. They pass through her skull and tap against her very soul, causing her physical form no physical injuries.

Fenrir doesn't get a chance to react. Her body slumps over, and the light fades from her eyes.

She perishes in the blink of an eye, not giving anyone in the outside world even a second to react.

At the same time, Emperor Gorn blasts apart another annoying construct, the masculine one with its sword and shield. That construct falls apart like a wet piece of paper, yet rematerializes a moment later to once again block his path.

"Blasted fake angel!" Gorn chirps. "Skree! Stop getting in my way! Burn to ash!"

He scorches it with his demonic flames, then grimaces as it reappears yet again.

"I'll kill you a million times if I have to!" The maddened Emperor of Many Faces roars.

He lunges toward the construct, but at that moment, he notices a change in the situation above as Uriel singlehandly deflects five attacks and deals grievous blows to the Emperors arrayed before her. This shift in the battle also causes him to turn his attention away from the annoying but weak construct to the more alarming Archangel controlling it.

_What was that? It looked like Uriel wielded a single sword at a level far beyond her capabilities. Her movements seemed to be at the level as the Archangel of Courage. But is that possible? Did she somehow obtain his sword skills, or did she practice to his level in secret?_

In that moment of confusion, Emperor Gorn also fails to notice a change in the construct that has reappeared before him. Its eyes glow white, and it raises its head to look at him.

"The bloodskins have grown soft in their age of decadence," The construct murmurs.

Gorn flicks his gaze to the construct.

_What? The false angel speaks?_

As that question occurs in Gorn's mind, a strange sensation swells within his body. The Emperor of Many Faces feels a slight electrical jolt in his brain. A half-second later, his vision turns foggy, and a blossoming sensation of emptiness spreads across his neck.

_What's... happening... everything suddenly feels so... cold._

He slowly closes his eyes. His body sways for a moment, then loses its footing.

_Plop._

Emperor Gorn slumps to the ground. His head rolls off his shoulders and bounces away, and a spurt of blood cascades from his severed neck.

Raphael, the Archangel of Wisdom, and Michael, the Archangel of Courage, succeed in fooling their enemies. They take out two of the mightiest Emperors in just five short seconds, eliminating Uriel's greatest threats.

The other Emperors sense the abrupt disappearance of two demonic mana signatures. They whirl around and gasp in wide-eyed shock as they see the leaders of two separate Hidden Hells laying lifelessly on the ground.

"Emperor Gorn!" The two Ancients cry out.

"Emperor Fenrir!" Both werewolves exclaim in unison.

Raphael and Michael move to obliterate the bodies of both Emperors, but before they can land any attacks, Fenrir and Gorn suck into the ground, landing in Mephisto's clutches.

"You graverobber!" Lady Huul shrieks. "Murderers! Thieves! What have you done to our king?!"

Uriel's cold smile spreads even wider beneath her helmet.

"Two bloodskins down. And this is only the _start_..."