Part 226: Humanity's Might

From the innermost depths of Hell, a flood of Grez four times bigger than the first wave barrels toward the Labyrinth Core. Behind them, countless orcs, goblins, harpies and skeletons join together to create a balanced array of talents. They rush down the great hallway leading to the Core and leap through the swung-open double doors, only to arrive in the midst of chaos.

Humans, monsters, and demons join hands to fight back the flood of fearsome Grez, each of Gressil's children wielding strength comparable to Demon Barons. The terrifying monsters rip through armor and flesh with their bone-spears, allowing them to skewer anyone daring or foolish enough to block their path.

"Gah!" Henry cries out, as his astoundingly-sharp nanoblade glides along the underside of a leaping Grez, peeling the monster's skin back like a potato. The Grez utters a screech of pain and crashes into an allied female minotaur, its dead body becoming a battering ram. The minotaur roars in anger, but before she can lift the dead Grez off herself and leap to her feet, a second Grez jumps at her from the side and chews her head off with a single bite.

Henry turns to howl at the dead minotaur. "Sheera! No!!"

Despite the agony and fatigue wracking his body, Henry dives toward the Grez that killed his friend and decapitates it with a perfectly aimed swing of his sword. He narrowly pierces the chinks in the monster's armor and leaves it dead in a puddle of bubbling blood.

"Gasp... gasp... my chest, hnngh! Every bone in my body aches..."

While Henry takes a moment to steady himself, Neil's voice transmits into his ear. "Everyone, watch out. A horde of low-level monsters has just arrived in the Core. I'm activating our first trump card in response."

Henry's heart skips a beat. _The automated railguns!_

He raises his eyes to the ceiling, where a flurry of movement reveals the disappearance of cloaking technology, as the Core's roof 'tiles' melt away, revealing more than fifty turret armaments.

"Finally!" Henry roars. "Attacking us will be the last mistake these bastards ever make!!"

---

Hungry arrives along with the rest of his goblin comrades. As an Obsidian Goblin with skin as hard as demonstone, he assumes the role of their leader, raising his fist to the air. "Kill fleshies! Rip heads off and tear skin! Nyehehehe!"

Despite their diminutive height, the goblin species boasts incredible speed, cockroach-like wall-crawling, and the ability to leap more than thirty times their body length. When coupled with their above-average intellect and burrowing prowess, they become a versatile group of harassers capable of assisting the bulkier monsters.

Hungry and the rest of the goblins leap atop the shoulders of nearby orcs and minotaurs. Despite their makeshift mounts' awkward and clumsy movements, the goblins stand firmly without clenching their toes, all thanks to their remarkable sense of balance.

_Boom!_

Hungry's mount, the great Minotaur Clan Leader known as Tormud Goldenhorn, stomps his feet and flares his nostrils. The mighty minotaur bellows a warcry, then rushes through a gap in the Grez's flanks with his greataxe raised over his head.

Before him, a human soldier with a nanoblade fights two Grez all by himself. He finishes the first one off with a stab to its head, only to turn and take a step back in surprise when he sees the enemy minotaur barreling toward him.

With a deft hop, the human narrowly avoids the second Grez's bonespears as they lance toward him with deadly intent. He pushes off the nearest one with his hand and leaps at Tormud, intending to meet the clan leader's axe with his sword.

Both combatants swing at each other. However, contrary to the human's expectations, the clan leader arcs his swing slightly to avoid the human's nanoblade. He aims for the exosuit's chest, while allowing Hungry to protect him from the incoming blade.

Hungry's lips curl into a menacing grin. _Four hands better than two! Stupid fleshie!_

Hungry leaps into the sword's path. His body acts like a solid, impenetrable barrier, deflecting the human's sword while allowing Tormud to land a crushing blow against the human's chest.

_THUNK!_

The human, unprepared for the combination of minotaur and goblin, goes flying backward. He crashes into the ground, bounces, and rolls. He lands at the feet of two other commandos, who cry out in horror. "Henry!"

Hungry, having taken the nanoblade's attack like a champ, plummets to the ground, then lands on his hands and feet like a cat. He springs into the air and repositions himself atop the clan leader's shoulder without missing a beat. "Nyehehe! Nice teamwork, big bull-man!"

Tormud flashes a wicked grin. "Haha. For a king to have the best assistant, truly, I have the Devil's blessing. Once we crush these rebels, I'll make you my most trusted squire!"

Hungry's eyes widen. "Oooh! Squire! That my favorite food!"

Tormud ignores Hungry's silly comment. He charges at Henry and the other two commandos, confident in his upcoming victory.

However, at that moment.

From the ceiling above, a series of _piff_ noises resound, each one sounding vaguely like a child spitting gum.

_Hm?_

Tormud flicks his eyes upward.

_Splort._

The minotaur's head evaporates as a four-millimeter piece of shrapnel tears through his skull at fifty times the speed of sound. Even with his resilient body, the minotaur king doesn't get a moment to contemplate his existence.

"Huh? Big boss? Why you- uwah!"

With his head gone, Tormud's body falls forward into the dirt, sending Hungry sprawling. The obsidian goblin faceplants onto the Labyrinth's floor, bewildered at how Tormud could have stumbled over his own feet.

"Stupid clumsy bull-faces! Always tripping over nothing!"

Hungry jumps to his feet. He spots the faceless human soldier Tormud 'killed' rising as well, and frowns. "Huh? Fleshie make live? How? Big axe hit chest!"

Turning around, Hungry starts to open his mouth to question Tormud's skills. At that moment, he finally notices the minotaur's headless body.

"W-what?! Who kill... how?!"

_Piff. Piff. Piff._

Bursts of air continue exploding from the ceiling. Silent beacons of death rain from the sky, piercing even the heaviest of demon armor.

"Skreeee?!"

A hundred Grez fall to the human's first trump card. The railguns, developed by Phoebe and perfected by Hans Wagner, demonstrate their power by targeting the strongest monsters among the invaders. When coupled with the Harpie snipers and the practiced movements of the resistance commandos, they manage to kill fifty monsters every time they fire a salvo. The Core's elite warriors synchronize their movements, always managing to step away two seconds before the railguns fire, preventing themselves from getting caught in the crossfire.

"Augh! What's going on?!"

"Filthy fleshbags! Who killed my friend?!"

"You'll regret pissing me off, you damned-"

The last voice falls silent, as its speaker perishes to a metal shard entering their skull.

Waves of fear sweep through the invader's ranks. Even with the power of 800 pseudo-Barons and countless monsters, they can't break the humans' morale.

From the ceiling, Mephisto narrows his eyes. He continues to puppeteer the Grez and undead, making them attack the humans from their front and flanks. However, the resistance forces prove ten times more resilient than he expected. The humans cover each other's backs, while the invaders rush recklessly and without any teamwork. The gap in skill allows the humans, along with their superior weaponry and exosuits, to push the monster army back time and again.

Mephisto manipulates the mana orb Gressil gave him. He scowls angrily as another fusillade of shrapnel slaughters thirty more of his Grez. "Ksss! I only have a thousssand of Gresssil'sss monssster sssoldiersss! If only their intelligence wasssn't ssso poor, I could more easssily control them!"

Despite their fearsome appearance, the Grez suffer from a lack of brainpower. Born via the corrupted bodies and souls of prisoners, their tortured minds lose all sanity, transforming them into mindless killing machines. Even Mephisto's superior puppeteering only allows him to direct their rage at specific targets. He can't control their individual movements beyond the lowest levels of persuasion.

"The Grez may posssesss ssstrength and defenssse in abundance, but their lack of witsss allowsss the flessshbagsss to overcome them with intelligence. Cursssesss! I thought thessse monssstersss would be undefeatable, but they aren't any more valuable than my zombiesss and ghoulsss!"

Mephisto curses his bad fortune. However, even as he does, a sense of satisfaction appears in the back of his mind.

"Hehehe... but ssso what if the humansss win thisss battle? I am the one who controlsss the River Ssstyx. Our numbersss are endlesss. Let usss sssee how long the flessshbagsss hold out, while our asssault continuesss... neverending."

_Piff. Piff._

Another hailstorm of shrapnel launches from the ceiling, killing fifty additional invaders. The allied Harpies continue to offer supporting fire, sniping from above the double doors at any monster who comes close to killing their friends.

As the demon's forces pour into the Core, Mephisto's eyes flick along the ceiling, where he spots the strange machinery killing his minions.

"...It ssseemsss I mussst dirty my bonesss with thisss mundanity... kekeke..."

With a flash of his eyes, Mephisto skitters across the ceiling like a hellish specter of death. Despite possessing the lowest strength among all the Dukes, he still manages to coil his hands around the nearest railgun and rip its titanium frame apart, piece by piece. With a vicious grin, Mephisto rears back his arm and hurls the one-ton metal embattlement toward a cluster of humans below.

_CRASH!_

The destroyed railgun crushes ten human soldiers into blood soup, startling the others and causing them to jump back in alarm. They raise their eyes to the ceiling and gape as they witness the Duke of Mist destroying their precious Grez-killing lifesavers.

"One! Two! Three!" Mephisto cackles, as he flits from one railgun to the next. Each time, he hurls their destroyed carcasses toward the densest cluster of humans, summoning pandemonium among their ranks.

Several allied harpies spot Mephisto darting around. They take aim and fire at him with surgical precision, but their bullets pass through his aetherial body without so much as making him flinch.

Mephisto glances at the harpie snipers. "Ssso, you wisssh for death, eh?"

_Swish!_

Mephisto hurls the fourth railgun at the harpies, causing them to chirp in fright and dart away from their perch atop the double doors. The twisted metal machine crashes into where they stood and explodes into a pile of debris, narrowly missing their fleeing forms.

All around the Core, destroyed computer terminals, once used to calculate the vectors of planets for the warpgates, intermingle with the bodies of humans and monsters, along with the twisted wreckage of the fallen railguns. The battlefield shifts as Mephisto's zombies continue swarming from the worlds he prepared prior to the fight. They clamber over the fields of debris and attempt to overwhelm humanity's resistance forces with three times their numbers.

Neil holds firm. He stands next to the Tarus II warpgate, waving his hands and firing off orders to assist his comrades in their struggles. Thanks to his leadership, the battle-hardened commandos continue pushing their enemies back time and time again.

However, despite Neil's fierce courage and his aura of leadership, the human commander begins to sweat under his suit.

_Damn. We're only facing the first wave, and already I've lost 300 soldiers. Not since Beelzebub's ambush two years ago have I lost so many brave men and women. Aside from the demon's newest abominations, we've only fought the weakest of their forces. Under ordinary circumstances, we'd crush them without mercy!_

_Once Mephisto destroys the rest of our railguns, we'll become sitting ducks. I can only imagine how far we'll fall after the other Barons and Dukes appear!_

Neil continues to order his troops around. A particularly large zombie squadron rushes the soldiers, soaking up their bullets while allowing a horde of orcs to leap over their heads, but Neil directs his troops into better positions. Humanity takes out that threat with ease.

Meanwhile, Hungry skitters along the walls and chases after the harpie snipers. Thanks to their flying abilities, they manage to dodge Mephisto, but they find themselves unable to shake off the relentless little obsidian goblin snapping at their heels.

"Neil! Chrrrup! Get this little ankle-biter off our tails! We need support up here!"

Neil frowns at their request. _Only one goblin? Ah! An obsidian-type. I missed the little bastard amongst all this chaos._

Rather than directing manpower toward the lone goblin, Neil flicks his eyes toward the wreckage of a nearby railgun. To his amusement, it still appears mostly functional.

"We'll see how sturdy your skin is, you little wretch."

Neil grabs the mass of metal and swings its big, bulky frame toward Hungry as the goblin pounces at an allied harpie. The harpie tries to dodge, but she doesn't flap her wings quickly enough. Hungry latches onto her armored wing and scratches it over and over. "Fall down, big ugly bird! Fall!!"

With her balance thrown off, the harpie plummets to the ground below, where she crashes into the Labyrinth floor hard enough to snap her neck. Luckily, her T-REX absorbs 99% of the impact, leaving her only momentarily stunned.

Hungry grabs the Harpie's helmet and tries to yank it off, but with Centurion's nanites bonded at the molecular level, they prove more durable than titanium. His scrawny little arms don't even scratch the exosuit.

Neil smiles as he aims his railgun at the goblin's head.

"God rest your soul, servant of evil."

_Piff._

Neil utilizes Centurion's aiming systems to their fullest extent. He fires a piece of shrapnel directly at Hungry's head while chuckling in anticipation of the goblin's imminent demise.

Reality proves crueler than even Neil expected.

The shrapnel strikes Hungry at fifty times the speed of sound. However, instead of bursting the goblin's head like a balloon, the impact merely resembles a watermelon crashing against a titanium barrier. Hungry goes flying from the impact and smashes into the far wall. The little goblin disappears among the sea of incoming monsters, making Neil curse like a sailor. 

"Shit! How could that goblin's skin be so resilient?! Even the Grez can't withstand a shot from our railguns!"

Hungry lays on the floor, out of sight, unmoving. The poor little goblin's brains bounce around inside his skull, blinding him with pain. When finally Hungry opens his eyes, his vision appears as a blur of exotic colors, making it difficult to see.

"Uhhhh... me head... uhhhh..."

Hungry gingerly touches a spot above his right ear, where he finds a razor-sharp piece of shrapnel embedded in his skull. Somehow, the railgun's projectile became stuck in his iron-like bones, saving him from an instant death.

However, fresh blood continues to trickle from the wound, making Hungry wince in pain. "Nnngh... mama... mama, me hurt real bad..."

Neil casts aside any thoughts about the obsidian goblin after he doesn't see it get back up and rejoin combat. "I might not have killed it, but I bet that little bastard will be smarting for a while."

His eyes flick to the ceiling, where Mephisto finishes dismantling the final railgun. After casting it to the ground, the Duke of Mist flashes a devilish grin at the blue-and-red human gazing up at him.

"Kekeke. Neil Adamsss... sssuch a wonderful ssspecimen. How unfortunate for you that Ossse will capture you, today. With you in our cussstody, we will sssuppresss the sssecond Wordsssmith. He will not dare to ssstrike usss with you in our clutchesss... hehe..."

Mephisto whispers conspiratorially to himself as he disappears into the ceiling and begins flying through the walls in his ghost form.

"Kss. Where isss Beelzebub? I have done my part to bait out the humanssss' firssst attack. Mussst I do everything by myssself? Wait! Hm? Ohohoho... look who hasss showed up."

Mephisto senses the appearance of a powerful magical aura. He pops his head out from behind the warpgates, where he witnesses a gigantic creature striding up behind Neil.

Neil flinches as a huge, green hand suddenly grabs his shoulder. "Jesus, Kar! Don't scare me like that!"

Kar, the King of All Monsters, flashes a croco-grin. "Sorry to keep you waiting, Ox-arms. I could not bring myself to waste White-Hair's delicious food."

Neil glances at Kar's chest. There, he notices something he's never seen before.

"Kar. You have a T-REX, now?"

"White Hair's present. Butterfly insists that I wear it."

"As do I," Neil says with a nod. "You haven't a clue the horrors we've been facing. The demons brought out a horde of new monsters. Each one was nearly as strong as a Baron."

"Yet you survived, as I predicted," Kar replies. The croco-sphinx presses his T-REX's activation button three times, causing nanites to swarm out of its straps and engulf his body. "And now, I am here. You do not need to worry anymore."

Kar's green skin vanishes as the silver colored metal wraps around him and solidifies, making him resemble mecha-Godzilla, from the classic science fiction movies.

Blinker flies out of the portal behind Kar. She lands on her husband's helmet and sighs. "It's too bad those metal suits won't fit me! I wanna look all cool and badass too, you know!"

The Monster King strides toward the horde of monsters and laughs. "Hurgh. As long as I am around, you will never fear anyone, my dear Butterfly. Watch as your husband easily destroys these weaklings."

Several minotaurs and orcs spot the metal-covered Sphinx as he nonchalantly strolls toward them. Kar's crocodilian mana washes over them, causing instinctual fear to bud in their hearts. Still, they grit their teeth and charge, forcing that nameless terror into the backs of their minds.

Kar sighs. "How unfortunate. You will be the first to die."

The reptile raises his hand into the air. Immediately, the nearest minotaur follows his movements and realizes with a start that he cannot dodge.

"Oh, shit!"

Kar casually swings his palm downward. The movement appears slow and sloppy, yet it carries the formless power of the lizards and the Sphinx.

_Slap._

Without even trying, Kar bats the head off the minotaur, transforming it into a deadly projectile. The monster's skull crashes into the orc on his left and explodes in a shower of shrapnel, breaking thirty of the orc's bones.

"Aaargh!"

The orc cries out in pain while falling on his ass. The mere act of speaking triples his agony, causing him to blackout and faint.

The other ten monsters immediately realize how badly they've screwed the pooch. However, they don't have enough time to contemplate their life choices.

_Slap. Slap. Slap._

Kar backhands three more orcs and minotaurs, killing or crippling them for the rest of their lives. Within ten seconds, he effortlessly carves his way through the enemy's forces.

"Hurgh. Being king is fun. However, I feel a little guilty picking on such weak losers."

Blinker laughs. "That's 'cause you're such a nice guy! Now, Kar, dear, remember to finish them off! It's not nice to leave these poor guys laying around in pain."

Kar nods. "Hurgh. You are right, as always, Butterfly. Sometimes, I can be so very dense. I will give them a proper burial."

Kar's eyes flash with magical energy. He drops to one knee and slaps his palm against the ground, conjuring his elemental affinity for the earth to grab and pull hundreds of nearby enemies into the dirt. Their eyes widen in terror as the Labyrinth's floor opens up to swallow them whole.

"No! Noooo!!!"

Kar sighs as he observes numerous goblins, minotaurs, and orcs falling into the floor. "This is what happens when you step onto my turf, little ones. Sadly, you will not live long enough to take my lesson to heart."

A minute later, half of the enemy forces disappear, leaving the others to sweat bullets as they gaze at the monster king.

"He's too powerful!" A minotaur exclaims.

"What're you morons standin' around for?" Hungry jeers, his vision having spottily returned. "Make a run for it!!"

The same thought crosses the minds of every enemy monster; all except for the mindless, fearless Grez. Two thousand enemy monsters turn to make for the exit, only to freeze in place as they sense a second, equally powerful mana signature traveling toward the Core.

"No way! Finally, he made it!" Hungry yells. "It's... it's Beelzebub!"

"It's Beelzebub? We're saved!"

"Haha! And you guys were gonna run?! Not me! Nope!"

The monsters who were about to flee regain their courage. They turn to face the Monster King, all while wearing looks of outrage.

"Traitor Kar! Now you're gonna die!!"

Kar's gaze travels past the monsters to the blindingly bright light flying toward the Core in the distance.

"Hurgh. _Hotface._ Finally, I will repay you for all the innocents you've butchered."