Part 360: Shattered Sharmur

_On the planet 'Sharmur,' ruled by the Hell of Isolation._

Millions of demons and monsters live on this remote world, located in the southern part of the Milky Way galaxy. Only a week before, its population was much higher, but due to the Wordsmith's activation of the Lazarus Tower, every human in existence teleported to Tarus II, leaving Sharmur feeling far, far more empty than before.

The Hell of Isolation's leaders practice the arts of music, painting, dancing, cooking, and other such relatively pleasant activities. Even so, this world is not weak. Demons proficient in the Arts of Recreation can weaponize their music, conjure frightening painted monsters, and even turn food into a weapon.

Dorma, the Duke of Delicacies, sits in a shop on the outskirts of Sharmur's capitol city, Maotai Quo, named by one of the city's original founders, a demoness who was surprisingly appreciative of Earth's Chinese culture. This city features many such Chinese inspirations, relating not only to its name, but its architecture, its societal hierarchy, and even the way people address one another.

Inside his small but cozy shop, Dorma cooks up a storm. He throws boiled noodles and vegetables in a pot with beef and chicken stock, mixing them up expertly to create soups and stews, while using his innate demonic powers to roll eggs and rice together as well. With speed and efficiency, he finishes a mouth-watering order for a party of ten demons, all of whom give him a thumbs up.

"Damn good food, Dorma!"

"Awesome as always!"

These Grunts, as well as a pair of Lords, eagerly accept the craftsmanship offered to them by Dorma, who also flashes a hearty thumbs up back at them.

"Hahaha! It was just something I made in a rush! No need to thank me!"

After the small group takes their grub to-go and leaves, another demon in the room, a fellow Duke on the same level of Dorma, looks at him from the corner of her eye.

"Business seems slow." She says, glancing at the otherwise barren shop.

"Well. With all the humans gone, not many customers come by. Most demons don't even eat good, homecooked food." Dorma says. "But that's okay too. It means I can make each dish extra special for those who do decide to pay me a visit!"

The female Duke sighs. "There were these two cute kids, a boy and a girl. I liked to go over and paint with them... but now they're gone. That Wordsmith took them away."

"Perhaps it is better like this." Dorma says, with a shrug. "We did treat the humans well, but don't you think they should live with their own kind? Now they can come together, as one big family."

"What, and we weren't their family?" The demoness grumbles. "Don't be naïve. The Wordsmith is going to raise those kids to be warriors. They could have grown up with us here, happy and at peace. Instead, they've been pulled into the conflicts of the other Hells, and even worse, they won't know how good their lives could have been. They may even grow up to hate us."

"Mmm. You're probably right, Wei Lei." Dorma says, addressing the Duke of Colors. He picks up the half-empty pot of soup he just made, ladles out a large bowl of it, and slides it down the bar to her. "But in the end, humans are humans. We shouldn't interfere in them returning to their own kind. What we should do is continue to spread the word that demons and humans can live in peace."

"A worthless message." Wei Lei says, bitterly, while grabbing a pair of chopsticks from a nearby canister full of them and digging into her soup. She slurps several of the noodles and smiles reflexively, in large part due to the divine taste of Dorma's cooking. "As we speak, Ose is leading an army to humanity's doorstep. How am I supposed to feel knowing those two kids are standing right in the killzone?"

Dorma, still standing behind the bar, leans forward and rests his arms on its surface. He looks down its length at Wei Lei while she devours his soup.

"Maybe we should have persuaded Melody and the others to let us join the Wordsmith's cause?"

"That's no good either." Wei Lei says, while chewing a particularly juicy piece of pulled pork. "We are neutral. Always. That was what Shax would have wanted from us. We only fight if attacked. We do not ever seek out trouble with others, especially not our fellow demons."

"Is true neutrality possible?" Dorma wonders. "The other demons hate us. They coveted our human family, wanting to take them as slaves. The Overlords made it clear that only so many humans were allowed to remain among the living, so the only legitimate way to gain more slaves would be by stealing from us. Yet we were not pushovers and could stand up for ourselves. In that case, would one not say we were taking a stand for the humans?"

"I'm not interested in a philosophical debate." Wei Lei says, waving her hand flippantly at Dorma. "You should stick to cooking. It's what you do best."

Dorma snorts. "Ants specialize. Demons and humans generalize. Why can I not be both a scholar and a chef? I'll have you know-"

In the middle of Dorma talking, the door to his shop opens up, and a demon Grunt stumbles in, a Burner-type with fiery red hair.

"Hey! Wei Lei, Dorma! Come here! You've gotta see this!"

Dorma frowns. "We were right in the middle of a discussion. Must you be so rude?"

"Forget that!" The Grunt says, visibly agitated. "This is important! REALLY important!"

Dorma and Wei Lei glance at one another, then shrug in exasperation.

"Every time some problem comes up, it's always a Baron or a Duke who has to resolve the situation..." Wei Lei complains.

The two of them follow the Grunt outside, frowning as he starts to run toward the nearby wall enveloping the city of Maotai Quo. While the Hell of Isolation might be a Hell filled with peace-loving hippies, they still have to worry about infrequent attacks from the planet's wildlife, of which many thousands of apex predators exist, the majority of them more fearsome than the dinosaurs of Earth's history.

"Slow down." Dorma says, breaking into a light jog. "Why are you in such a rush?"

"Come on, hurry!" The Grunt says, frantically pointing at the gate to the city.

"At least tell us what this is about!" Wei Lei says, but her words fall on deaf ears.

Helplessly, she and Dorma simply continue to chase after the Grunt, who eventually screeches to a stop at the city gates, where a half dozen other Lords and Grunts hide behind the walls, peeking through the gaps in the iron gates at something on the other side.

"Guys! I brought some Dukes!" The Grunt says, arriving beside the others. "Th-they can handle this... thing!"

Dorma and Wei Lei both slow to a stop in front of the gates. The criss-crossing iron bars allow them to see outside the city's borders, into the marshlands, where usually they might observe at least a few winged predators flying around, or other creatures migrating from the north to the south, especially at this time of year.

However, what they instead see is a sight most peculiar.

---

**[Recommended Listening](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weSW6q9Ulzs)**

Outside the city gates, perhaps half a mile in the distance, a humanoid figure stands, its mottled green skin covered in warts and blisters, as if suffering from an infection. No hair rests on its head. Its frail-looking body shows plenty of rib bones, as if it hasn't eaten a meal in weeks. Lacking any clothes, it appears totally nude, yet curiously, it also seems to lack genitals.

But, the thing that most draws everyone's gaze is the creature's head.

_It lacks a face._

No eyes.

No nose.

No mouth.

The faceless creature stands, unmoving, outside the gates, yet faces the city, as if debating whether or not to enter.

Wei Lei's eyes gaze expressionlessly at the creature.

"What... what the hell is that thing? Is it... a human?"

"It does sort of look like a human..." Dorma mutters. "But it also feels monster...ish."

"You see?" The Grunt whispers, keeping his voice low. "It's creepy! Look at it just standing there... menacingly! You guys have to take care of it! We're too scared."

"I'm not going anywhere near that thing." Another Grunt says.

"Me neither." Says a Demon Lord.

Wei Lei and Dorma look at each other.

For a brief moment, even they feel a brief tingle of fear.

Something about the creature... unnerves them. Its motionless stance, its faceless head...

For some reason, it feels...

_Alien._

Dorma straightens his posture. He cracks his neck and grits his teeth.

"Goddammit. Why does all the weird shit always happen around me?"

"We can't look pathetic in front of our cute little subordinates." Wei Lei laughs nervously. "Come on. Let's investigate."

Neither of them wants to make a move, but neither do they feel they have a choice. Reluctantly, they order the others to raise the gate, and then, they step through.

Slowly but surely, the two Dukes begin to approach the creature. It remains in one place, not reacting to them, even as they close to distance.

Half a mile becomes a third of a mile. Then a quarter. A tenth.

The Dukes slow down drastically, growing more and more nervous as the creature doesn't react to them in the slightest.

"H-hey, you!" Dorma says, his voice cracking. "Who are you? _What_ are you? Identify yourself!"

Still, the mottled-skin-man doesn't react.

Wei Lei shivers uncontrollably, feeling a truly deep-seated sense of unease.

"I don't like this. I don't like it one bit..." She whispers. "Why isn't it moving? Is it dead?"

"How should I know?!" Dorma hisses under his breath. "M-maybe we should just attack it. If it's not dead, we can kill it quick. Maybe the damn thing's infected with some nasty disease. Better to put it out of its misery."

Wei Lei nods. "Yeah. I'm not usually one to jump straight to violence, but... eugh."

The Duke of Colors motions with her hands, summoning a magical paintbrush. In an instant, her hands dance around, drawing the image of a massive Gate Troll, a huge creature that will soon materialize into the material world to follow her orders.

As she quickly speed-paints, Dorma's expression flickers.

"...A disease?"

In less than ten seconds, Wei Lei finishes her painting. She conjures a massive Gate Troll, towering more than twenty feet tall. The spiritual construct, similar to one that Uriel might summon, manifests in the world for only a limited time, yet possesses much of Wei Lei's demonic power.

"Go." She says, pointing to the creature up ahead.

The Gate Troll roars. It pounds its chest, then stomps forward, quickly clearing the gap as it charges at the faceless creature.

At that moment, a change happens.

Right as the Gate Troll raises its claws overhead, hellbent on slamming them down to pulverize the creature, it lifts its faceless gaze to look up at the troll.

Then...

_It sucks into the ground._

As if falling into an empty pit, the creature disappears into the dirt, melting into the planet's crust with the same ease that Mephisto might, if he were to turn immaterial and dive underground.

The Gate Troll's claws smash into the dirt, but it misses the kill, leaving Wei Lei and Dorma to stare with fully-opened eyes.

"D-did you see that?!" Wei Lei squeaks. "What the hell?! That thing fused with the planet's soil! I can't detect it at all!"

"Neither can I!" Dorma exclaims. "It wasn't dead after all! But, what does this mean for-"

Behind the Dukes, a faint impression of danger manifests in their minds. Dorma abruptly stops speaking, spins around, and gasps in fright when he sees the monster less than two feet behind him! Not standing fully, but only its faceless head, poking out of the ground to look up at him!

"Aaah!" Dorma shrieks. "The monster!"

Wei Lei also turns to look, but before she can register its presence, her feet don't follow her commands. They adhere to the ground, as if she had stepped in glue without noticing.

Awkwardly, Wei Lei stumbles, lowering her gaze only to see the ground itself opening up beneath her feet.

"D-Dorma! It's got-"

Wei Lei doesn't get to finish her sentence. A pair of mottled green limbs burst out of the ground beneath her, grab onto her ankles, and pull downward with violent force.

"Aaaiee!"

Dorma doesn't have time to react. Wei Lei instantly ends up with half her body submerged in the dirt, and the rest of her figure follows soon afterward.

"Wei Lei!!" Dorma bellows. He activates his Duke powers, conjuring a massive enchanted cooking pot to fall upon the creature's exposed head, but it merely submerges back into the dirt, avoiding the attack.

Moments later, the creature's arms grab onto his ankles, pulling him under the planet's surface to join Wei Lei. Neither Duke manages to put up a fight, and soon after, they both vanish, leaving the world in a quiet, temporary lull.

The other Grunts and Lords at the gates scream in terror. They quickly run away, howling in fear and alerting the whole city.

However, some time after they leave, three pairs of arms emerge from the dirt.

Not only does the original faceless creature crawl out of Sharmur's bowels, but so do two other, similarly faceless creatures.

And these two new ones... look an awful lot like Dorma and Wei Lei.

---

"Escape to the Warpgate!"

"Make for the mountain! Hurry! Leave everything behind!"

"You can't find him? Then he's a goner! Just go! We don't have much time!"

Demon Barons and Dukes quickly gesture to the top of a large mountain, the only place on Sharmur with access to a Volgrim Warpgate. This gate offers them the sole access point to the Labyrinth, though there are also a few scattered Warper demons who can burn their mana to open small portals for others to stream in one-by-one. That is, until their mana reserves give out.

Swarms of demons and monsters scream in terror while running toward that mountaintop. Unfortunately, the path which winds up its base is both cramped and narrow, drastically limiting the number of evacuees who can race to the top. Any demons without the ability to fly, those who cannot warp, and those who aren't Burrowers can only run up the three-man-wide pathway, praying they don't trip and fall off the side.

At the same time, atop the mountain's plateau, a pair of Dukes watches with fear in their eyes as the agonizingly slow procession of demons runs as fast as they can up the mountain, yet only a few thousand can fit on its pathway at once.

One of the Dukes flicks their eyes into the distance, where they spot, only a few miles away, a bright explosion of light. Emperor Melody unleashes powerful and flashy soundwaves, firing them down into the city indiscriminately, while levitating in the air.

The Duke's blood turns cold when he spots the ground inside the city moving, as a horde of freakish, faceless monsters swarm around, grabbing onto any biological entity and dragging it into the planet's depths, only for it to emerge shortly after and become one with the swarm.

"Oh, ancient devils... oh, ancient devils..."

As time passes, the swarm draws closer and closer. Melody continues bombarding it without stopping, but her attacks have little to no effect. She eventually screams in frustration and flies to the mountain at full speed.

"Where are Viola and Guura?!" Melody shouts. "Have they made it here yet?"

The Duke winces. "Emperor Melody, still no word from them! B-but I'm sure they'll be here soon!"

Tears bubble up in Melody's eyes. The usually loud, boisterous, and excitable demoness shrieks with pain as her heart crumbles.

"They're dead! DEAD! I wasn't fast enough! I, I couldn't stop these monsters!"

"They might show up soon!" The Duke says, trying to cheer her up. "How could Emperors fall to monsters like these?!"

Melody doesn't answer him. She merely turns around, gasping in fear as the flood of monstrous aliens devours the procession of demons from behind, having now caught up with them after chasing for so long.

Melody gnashes her teeth until they bleed.

"We... we can't keep the Warpgate open any longer! Whoever made it out, that's all! We cannot allow this swarm to reach the Labyrinth!"

"Do you know what these monsters are?" The Duke asks.

Melody nods, her expression shifting to hatred.

"They are the Plague. Somehow, our world attracted this calamity. We are the ones who must suffer, now."

Melody takes a few moments to sweep her eyes across the tens of thousands of demons at the mountain's base, all of whom have become terribly panicked at the realization they won't make it to the top in time.

Melody sucks in a sharp breath.

"Rather than let my people be consumed by this Plague, I'll consign them to oblivion! May their souls rest in peace!!"

Melody howls with white-hot anger, conjuring all of her demonic power into a soul-crushing soundwave. She fires it straight down into the crowd's densest part, instantly blasting them apart, and their souls, to slow the Plague's infection speed.

With a single attack, Melody kills more than a million demons, causing her tears to flow hotter than before.

"I am a failure of an Emperor! This Plague, it will be my lifelong enemy! FOREVER!"

She, the Dukes, and the other elites positioned on the mountaintop flee into the portal. After waiting just ten seconds, they shut the Warpgate off, locking all their friends, companions, brothers, and sisters on the world of Sharmur.

The last thing they hear are the screams of fear from those unlucky enough not to make it through the gate's aperture in time.

With a sudden _whoomph_, the portal disperses, closing off Sharmur from the Labyrinth.

In less than one day, the entire world has fallen. Of the tens of millions of demons who once roamed its surface, fewer than two million remain.

Melody slumps to the ground. She leans against the arm of the Warpgate, agony etched into every line of her face.

Viola, Guura, and Dorma, three of her closest friends, fell during the arrival of the Kolvaxians. Now, only one Emperor remains among the Hell of Isolation's elites.

Only Melody.

---

Elsewhere, in the Milky Way. On the world of Volgarius.

Commander Randis, an Ascended working in the First Finger of the Founder's Hand, stares at the report in his grasp with a look of utter bleakness.

The obsidian-skinned Volgarian reads not only its contents, but its implications, gritting his teeth as he quickly postulates on what events could have led to the fall of a demon-controlled world behind the battle lines of the Southern Galaxy.

After getting himself up to date, he turns and marches through the doorway to his office, toward the turbolift at the end of the hall. Before long, he arrives at Floor 345, the central floor of Founder Unarin's core command structure.

Randis storms down the hallway leading to the central office, while several high ranking leaders of the Volgrim make way for his arrival.

Eventually, he reaches Unarin's primary office, a darkened room with several holographic imaging systems constantly active. As expected, Unarin stands in the center of these feeds, monitoring the progress of several Kolvaxian battlefronts.

"Brother." Randis says, stepping forward. "There was an unexpected penetration event. A Kolvaxian outbreak struck the world of Sharmur."

"Sharmur?" Unarin repeats, turning his attention to the datapad in Randis's hand. "This name seems vaguely familiar."

"It was founded by one of the Seven Hells." Randis says. He quickly explains the world's origins, making Unarin frown deeply. "As you can see here, a Kolvaxian outbreak occurred on the third continent, just outside the capitol city. You couldn't have picked a better spot if you tried."

Randis transmits the datafiles to Unarin. The First Founder skims them quickly, his frown turning uglier by the minute.

"Sharmur isn't far from the southern battle-lines, but it isn't close either. There should have been a buffer of several dozen worlds before the Kolvaxians reached it. Why did they strike here? And how did they slip through the Sterilization Lines?"

"We're still investigating." Randis says. "But personally, I have a theory."

Unarin narrows his eyes. "Continue."

"There was an unexpected mass spatial variance event just seven cycles ago." Randis explains. "It occurred across numerous demon controlled worlds. Ultimately, we detected an inexplicable galaxy-class teleportation-transmission occurring on Tarus II. After contacting the Changelings on the Wordsmith's world, we verified what happened."

Randis pauses.

"...The Wordsmith teleported every human in existence to his planet. I believe that in doing so, since Sharmur was close to the border, its spatial instability attracted the Kolvaxians' attention."

"The Wordsmith... _caused_ this?" Unarin asks, looking deeply into Randis's eyes. "You had best be sure, brother. I cannot seek a grievance with our one great hope of defeating the Plague based solely off your conjecture. We have no way of knowing if spatial variance events will attract Kolvaxian attention, anyway."

"You're right. We don't." Randis says with a nod. "As long as you don't discount the possibility, that's enough for me."

Unarin's brother hesitates for a moment.

"Permission to speak freely?"

"You don't need my permission for anything." Unarin simply replies. "Say what you wish."

"This Wordsmith is dangerous." Randis says. "I'm not referring to his threat toward us. I'm talking about his rash actions. He 'rescued' all those humans, but in doing so, most likely brought a calamity upon Sharmur. What if his next 'accidental' victim is one of our military installations?"

The First Founder folds his hands behind his back.

"You might be right. But for the moment, what choice do we have? We're soon to lose this war, one way or another. A single demon-controlled world is an unfortunate loss, but they were never going to put up much of a fight against the Plague, anyway. Only the humans can help us..."

Unarin sighs.

"...Only the humans."

Randis snorts. "Did you also hear? The Wordsmith managed to pacify the entirety of demonkind. Emperor Ose is dead. That means he now has full control of humanity, the monsters, and the demons. You had best keep a close eye on him, brother."

"I did hear about that." Unarin nods. "Humans. They move so quickly. They evolve at frightening speeds. Not like us, who have become slow, ponderous beasts."

With a shake of his head, Unarin returns his attention to the data streams.

"Inform me of any other changes."

"As you wish." Randis says, before turning and walking away.