Part 616: Meeting the Lowborn

January 14th, 2021. 9AM. Illuminati Haven.

Jason Hiro awoke with a start. For five long seconds, he laid in bed, looking up at an unfamiliar ceiling, feeling better rested than at any other point of his life in recent memory... but also deeply confused.

_What a strange dream._ He thought. _Who were those people?_

He vaguely remembered something about demons, and angels, and aliens, and... and something else.

But then, after a few moments, his brain fogged up a little, and then it fogged up some more.

He rose slowly, finding himself sitting atop a luxurious and comfortable mattress made of memory foam. His butt sank into the cushioned warmth beneath him, and for a moment he even felt tempted to go right back to sleep.

But the thought of that strange dream kept bugging him until eventually he forgot everything about it. After that, he started to feel annoyed he had forgotten so easily.

"Hmph." Jason grunted, as he swung his legs over the side of the bed. "Where am I, again?"

He sat on the bed's edge and looked around at his barebones but extremely comfortable room. It lacked any personal touches, but the furnishings were all high quality, such as the bedstand made of mahogany or some other high-class wood. A full-body mirror sat at the end of the room opposite the foot of his bed. When he looked at his reflection, it almost felt alien for a moment.

_Why am I so young?_ Jason wondered, before realizing what a ridiculous question that was. _Because I'm only eighteen. Right._

Those weird thoughts continued to plague him as he got up, shed his clothes, and stepped into the spacious walk-in shower installed in his bathroom. To his surprise, there was only an on-button for the water, and it automatically adjusted its temperature to exactly what his body enjoyed the most. He was more shocked by this inexplicable marvel of engineering than yesterday's revelations that demons and angels were real and superpowered humans walked among his species.

"Feels like what constitutes 'reality' keeps moving further and further past the horizon." Jason said to himself.

After he cleaned and dried himself off, Jason walked over and sat in a chair beside the door. He stared at the wall across from himself for a while, feeling a sudden pang of sadness. Not knowing why this momentary burst of depression had struck him, he tried to look within himself and uncover the reason, but he just couldn't put his finger on it. All he knew was that he felt as if he had lost something precious, but he didn't know what it was.

Minutes passed.

He slowly stood up, put on some freshly cleaned clothes that had already been perfectly tailored to his body and build, and he stepped outside.

The Illuminati Haven yawned outward before him as he exited his new living space. To his surprise, there was an adorable pale-skinned girl waiting outside with brown hair and a bobcut. She stood at attention, holding a small medical bag with both her hands. She smiled as she met Jason's gaze.

"Hello! I'm Natalie. I'll be your personal liason while you're here at the Haven."

Natalie wore a simple pressed white uniform with blue pinstripes. She had a small hat on her head, ceremonial of sorts, with the image of a golden eye emblazoned on its front. Jason glanced at her for a moment, thinking she vaguely looked like a cross between a military service-woman and a flight attendant.

"A liason?" Jason asked, as he closed his apartment door.

"That's right. I am to follow you everywhere and attend to your every need." Natalie explained. "I'm also trained in hand-to-hand combat. If your life should come under threat, I have to put mine on the line to protect you."

"Oh... I mean, that's really kind of you." Jason said, scratching the back of his head awkwardly. "But, I mean, you don't have to, right? I don't need a... servant?"

"On the contrary. Every Hero who has ever lived at the Haven has had multiple liasons." Natalie said. "Your existence is precious. When you leave the Haven's walls, multiple combat assets will be assigned to protect you. While you're inside the walls, I'm here to guide you around and make sure you're always comfortable. Please don't hesitate to issue any request."

She winked playfully at him. "Besides. I'm paid _very_ well."

It took Jason no effort to notice a slight innuendo in her words, an implication that might have evaded him if he were as naive as he should have been. Clearly, if he wanted it, he could ask Natalie for... _many_ different services. It was quite obvious why the Illuminati assigned such a pretty girl to be by his side.

But... they were going to have to try a little harder than that if they were going to keep him on their side. He could never betray his beloved wife.

Jason frowned slightly. _Wife? There I go with those weird thoughts again. Anyway, I'll just keep things professional. It can't hurt to have someone I can ask questions._

He coughed. "So, Natalie. How old are you?"

"I'm twenty. Born July 4th. I'm from Kansas." She said, tossing in a few extra details randomly.

"Kansas, huh? Never been there." Jason commented. "Alright, so, since I'm new to this place, where can I eat?"

Natalie smiled. "Follow me."

She led Jason down the hall, and several times they passed by technicians, military personnel, and even a couple of the kids Jason saw yesterday. Many of the people gave Jason appreciative side glances, perhaps glad they got a chance to look at humanity's Hero for the first time ever. Jason didn't look impressive physically, but he walked with a strange confidence, as if he had already seen past some of life's vicissitudes. More than a few men who looked as if they had seen combat at some point of their life gazed a little more deeply at him, thinking he had the look of a trained fighter.

Of course, he was only an eighteen year old civilian. That couldn't possibly be the case.

Before long, Natalie led Jason toward an entrance leading into a large, open cafeteria.

"Up ahead, this is where most personnel and the Lowborn Heroes eat. But we actually have a VIP lounge for each generation's Trueborn."

She started to walk past the door, but Jason paused. "I'd like to meet more people. Here is fine."

"Alright. If that's what you want."

As they entered, Jason gestured at the medical bag in her hands. "What's that for?"

"This is for emergencies." Natalie explained. "If you choke on something, or you get struck and end up bleeding, or if someone breaks in and starts shooting, I have some equipment I carry in case of any general crises."

"What, you've got a gun in there? A pistol?" Jason asked.

"Mhm." Natalie nodded, as if that was the most expected thing in the world.

Jason simply shrugged.

He walked over to the cafeteria lane, where a suite of professionally dressed chefs stood behind a line of covered trays. Above them, a long series of menus displayed a dizzying list of entrees Jason and the other Haven staff could order from, with no prices listed and everything being free.

"Damn. This place has some nice perks." Jason commented idly. "I can order anything?"

"Of course. Even if other people had to pay, you never would." Natalie replied.

"I see. In that case... hmm... lamb chops for breakfast sounds good. Oh, that green bean casserole looks scrumptious too, and hey, why not toss in some meatloaf. Natalie, what about you?"

She smiled and shook her head as if he'd asked a silly question. "Don't worry about me, Jason. I eat when I'm off-duty. I have to be ready to protect you in case of any eventuality."

"Oh, is that so..." Jason murmured.

...

A few minutes later, Jason held a tray of food with a strong aroma drifting off that made him stomach roar with hunger. He glanced around the cafeteria, and spotted a familiar face sitting at a table along the side-wall.

"Hey," Jason said, as he walked over. "Mind if I join you?"

Brian Bozzard, a pyrokinetic Jason met the day before, flashed a charming smile at him. "Jason! Great to see you again! It would be my pleasure. Come, take a seat!"

Jason sat down, but Natalie remained standing at his side, her hands neatly folded across her bag's handle.

After a few minutes, Jason nearly forgot she was there. Natalie was very good at blending into the background, allowing him to focus on his conversation with Brian.

At the same table, another teenage guy and girl sat across from Jason and Brian. The girl smiled bashfully at him, looking at him with a half-flirtatious look sometimes, and looking away out of embarrassment the other times. The boy beside her looked a little jealous at the obvious affection she was showing Jason, but he didn't say anything uncouth.

"Jason, let me introduce you." Brian said. "The fellow trying to bore holes into your skull with his eyes is Jerome. The girl beside him is Farrah. They are both Lowborn Heroes, like me."

Jerome sneered at Jason, and Jason thought for a moment before recalling that Claire had told him about Jerome the day before.

"I heard you were a real strong guy." Jerome said, flicking his chin toward Jason. "Heard you beat up one of the instructors real good. But you don't look like much to me."

Jason sensed a challenge in Jerome's words, but he didn't feel like rising to it. It seemed obvious Jerome fancied the blonde beside him, and Jason certainly had no interest in her, no matter how pretty she was. Besides, she was much too young for his tastes.

"I'm not strong physically." Jason said with a shrug. "But apparently I'm pretty skilled with a weapon. Dobson seemed alarmed by my talent, said maybe it's the initial manifestation of my heroic power."

"Yeah? You wanna fight sometime then? A little friendly _spar_?" Jerome asked, narrowing his eyes.

"Jerome... don't... don't be mean." Farrah interjected, frowning at him. "Keep it friendly... okay?"

"Yeah. Sure. Whatever." Jerome said, leaning back in his chair. He cut at a piece of steak on his plate and took a big bite of it, staring at Jason the whole time.

"So." Jason said. "I know Brian's power. He's a pyrokinetic. Jerome here grows stronger and stronger every day. What about you, Farrah?"

Farrah looked away, embarrassed. "Oh... my... power... it's nothing much. I can... change my face... a little."

"Change your face?" Jason asked, raising an eyebrow. "What, like a shapeshifter?"

Farrah fidgeted slightly. She nodded, then looked at Jason carefully.

"W-what kind of girl... do you like?"

Jerome's knife scraped across his plate. His eyes remained locked onto Jason as he awaited Jason's answer.

"Hmm... the type of woman I like..." Jason muttered, looking away.

He remained quiet for a few long seconds.

"She'd have to have... white hair... yes, white hair. Short hair, maybe shoulder-length. Strong... muscled... adventurous. Able to beat me in a duel..."

Farrah blinked. "That... that's awfully... specific."

"Yeah." Jason muttered. "I guess it is."

When he looked back at Farrah, he was surprised to see that her hair had shifted color from blonde to white, and her face had aged just a little. She looked slightly different from before, but only seemed to be about twenty.

Nothing about her appealed to Jason, but he still smiled politely. "Oh, yeah, something a bit like that, I suppose. That's a neat ability."

Farrah blushed. "Thank you. It's nothing much. The Emperor of Passion is a... better shapeshifter than me. By a lot."

Embarrassed by her poor performance and Jason's obvious ordinary politeness, Farrah quickly shifted back to her previous self. The atmosphere lightened up at the table as Jerome realized Jason truly wasn't interested.

"So, Jason." Brian said. "What sort of life do you come from?"

"Nothing amazing." Jason said, taking another bite of his lamb chops. "I'm an orphan. My parents died when I was too young to remember them. I've lived in the foster system my whole life."

Jerome's expression changed slightly. "Shit, man. Me too. Damn. Always nice to meet a fellow orphan. You bounced between fosters, or did you find anyone stable?"

Sensing Jerome's accusatory tone abruptly fade, Jason breathed a small sigh of relief at their shared roots.

"Sort of. I lived with a nice couple for a few years. But there was a tragedy."

Jason didn't elaborate further, and nobody pressed him for more information. They felt it was a clear sore spot for him, but Jason merely felt that so much time had passed, he'd somehow started forgetting a lot of key details about 'way back then', even if it wasn't actually all that long ago.

"Yeah. I had it pretty rough." Jerome grunted. "Nobody wants a black boy. They kept bouncing me around. I got in lots of fights. Never lost, either. Especially once my powers started comin' in. But there was one real bad fight, put a guy in the hospital. Started lookin' at facing serious time in juvie. That was about six months ago, when Claire picked me up. It's been a lot better since I came here."

Jason looked at Farrah, and she remained quiet for a moment.

"Oh. Um. Nothing like that... for me." Farrah said, feeling self-conscious. "My parents... still around. Mom and dad. Really nice. Strict, but loving. I'm sorry, I don't mean to b-brag or anything."

"No, no, don't talk like that." Jerome quickly said. "Some people have it rough early on, but that just makes ya tougher, ya know? I wouldn't wish this shit life on anyone, but it happened and there's nothin' I can do about it. It just sucks, man."

"Yeah it does." Jason said, nodding along.

Brian, like Farrah, felt a little self-conscious. "Well, I grew up in a rich family. Stable, I suppose. My mother wasn't really in the picture, but that's because my father kept rotating women one after the other. My life was comfortable, but boring. I guess I had it better than you two at least."

"Being born rich has its own problems." Jason said, waving away Brian's guilty words. "Sometimes, being handed everything on a platter can take away the challenge of life, making you unsure how to proceed forward while becoming your own person. It's no coincidence a lot of rich kids fall to drugs and hedonism."

Brian raised an eyebrow. "You're more well-spoken than I expected."

"Just making casual talk." Jason remarked thoughtlessly.

As the table grew more comfortable around Jason's relatively humble presence, the other three relaxed more and more. Farrah blushed and stammered less often, and Jerome looked at Jason more appreciatively.

"Man, we should spar sometime though, for real." Jerome said with a big smile. His eyes no longer contained their previous hostility. "You're pretty cool."

"I could use a decent partner." Jason said, suddenly looking at Jerome with a serious gaze. "The last guy... well, he wasn't much of a challenge."

"Hah! DAMN! Alright, if you think you've got what it takes, you can throw down with the younger generation's champ!" Jerome boasted. "I'll take you on after breakfast, how about that?"

"You're on." Jason said with a smile. Before he could add anything else, Natalie lightly tapped his shoulder.

"Actually, Jason, before you can join Jerome for sparring, it's essential that we first conduct your Founder Initiation Ceremony. As the inheritor of the Heroic Aura, it's extremely important we do this as soon as possible."

Jason blinked. "Oh? Well, alright then. Guess it'll have to happen later, Jerome."

"Man, you got lucky. Saved by the babe!" Jerome teased.

"We'll see who was saved when I knock you flat on your ass!" Jason fired back.

Not long afterward, Jason finished his food and tossed it in the trash. He waved goodbye to the other three, then Natalie led him out of the cafeteria, her platform shoes clicking on the floor as she walked.

"So what's this founder-thing about?" Jason asked.

"Lady Rothschild didn't inform you?" Natalie asked back.

"No. Should she have?"

"I guess we'll leave it a surprise." Natalie said, shooting him a playful smile.

"Hey! You were supposed to answer all my questions." Jason teased.

"I don't get to have a lot of fun doing this job." Natalie said, flicking her hair lightly. "So allow me to indulge myself, just this once. It's more fun for me if you don't know until the last moment."

Jason narrowed his eyes at her back, but then he shrugged, deciding to remain silent as she led the way.

The two of them exited the cafeteria, traveled toward an elevator, and proceeded to ride down an ungodly number of floors. Jason raised an eyebrow when the counter reached 50, but it kept going right until finally stopping at Floor 77.

"How many floors does this Haven have?" Jason asked.

"A hundred." Natalie said, before winking at him. "Officially."

Jason smirked. He had started noticing just how often Natalie winked at him. He did find it rather adorable.

The elevator door opened, and a familiar woman in a wheelchair was waiting for him at the bottom. Unlike before, Claire Rothschild wore a strange ceremonial robe, colored white with gold accents. On her head, there was an elaborate ceremonial hat that rose half a foot into the air. It looked a little comical, but her expression was so serious that Jason couldn't bring himself to laugh.

On the 77th floor, intricate runes were drawn on the marbled tiles with black and red outlines. These runes seemed to be in a magical language that drew Jason's attention, but he had no idea why they felt so mystical. Pillars rose from the ground at regular intervals, but the floor space was otherwise extremely open and spacious. Various statues of powerful-looking men and women had been erected around the hall, and further toward the center, he noticed a lush underground garden that had clearly been cared for by consummate professionals.

"Jason Hiro." Claire said, slightly nodding her head in a half-bow. "I have already welcomed you into the Haven, but it's time you met the original founders of this place. Or rather, the namesake of the Illuminati, and the initiator of His will."

Jason glanced at Natalie. She remained silent, standing at the side of the elevator with no intention to follow him.

"Uh. Okay." Jason said, looking back at Claire. "He... sounds important?"

"He _and_ she. Very much so. Follow me." Claire said, immediately turning her wheelchair around and starting to roll toward the central garden area.

Jason followed after her. Before long, he spotted statues with roses and other flowers growing all over them, but these statues had a strong sense of artistry to them, and the flowers only further accentuated that feeling. Jason gazed upon carved images of men and women holding swords, hammers, bows, spears, and even one statue of an old man with a rifle. He seemed very out of place compared to the others.

"This is the Hall of Memory." Claire explained, as she slowed her wheelchair's speed down to allow Jason to slowly walk beside her. "Here, statues of every known Trueborn Hero have been carved. One of the goals of the Illuminati is to recover all the ancient artifacts once possessed by these Trueborn Heroes. Unfortunately, many of those artifacts have fallen into the hands of other powerful organizations, the angels, the demons, and others have been lost to time and memory. For the artifacts we successfully recovered, we placed those within the embrace of their rightful owners."

She gestured with her left hand at the image of a young, powerful hero striking a valiant pose, stabbing a sword at the sky. The man wore ancient armor Jason thought might be Roman, or possibly Greek, and in his left hand, the statue held a strange ball of... rope?

"Alexander the Great." Claire said. "His soul was lost when Satan the Devil devoured it. We recovered his artifact, but it had lost its supernatural powers. Even so, we did our best to honor that fallen Hero's memory by pairing his artifact with his graven image."

She points at another statue.

"Joan of Arc. We never managed to recover the Sword From Heaven, so her statue stands lifelessly. But we know her weapon exists, somewhere out there."

"King Hammurabi, another lifeless recreation of one of the most powerful Heroes in ancient history. Known for his wisdom and fairness, Hammurabi wrote down some of the first laws humanity ever followed. We still seek to recover his Law Tablets to this day."

She finally paused before two statues inside the very center of the garden. They depicted a man and a woman, the man wielding a Shepherd's Staff with a circular-shaped head at its top, and an energetic mana orb in its center. The woman, meanwhile, was depicted as sitting on a rock, reading a thick book. Her appearance was quite plump, and her eyes full of life.

"Jepthath, the Illuminator. The father of all Heroes. The first one to ever walk the Earth. The namesake of the Illuminati."

"And beside him, Lady Madam Mildred, one of the wisest Heroes to ever live. A genius who pioneered countless inventions that would not long after form the foundation of the Industrial Revolution!"

Claire paused for a moment. She bowed her head in respect, and Jason did as well.

"I have brought you here to commune with the two ancients, as well as any others in our grand hall. I implore you to seek their wisdom, as you will soon need their guidance to explore the depths of your powers."

Jason nodded solemnly. He looked around, perhaps hoping to see the image of a wise man with a crown atop his head, but he did not see any such statue.

After a moment of silence, Claire coughed into her fist. "I will leave you here with Lord Jepthath and Lady Mildred. I pray your conversation goes well."

Jason nodded, but then he cocked his head.

"Uh, what? You want me to... talk to the statues?"

"The artifacts contain their souls. They are very much still alive, even if only in spirit." Claire explained. "Soon, all will be made known. I must take my leave now. I am not a Hero, and thus my presence here desecrates this sanctum. When you are done, meet with me back at the elevator."

Without wasting any further words, Claire turned her chair around and rolled away, leaving Jason alone with the two larger-than-life statues.

A minute passed. Confused, Jason turned to look at them, and the eyes of Mildred's statue momentarily seemed to flicker with an unknown power.

"_Hah-hah-hah! Well, my dear boy! So YOU are the next inheritor, hmmmm?_"