Part 367: Sinner's Revelation

_In the basement of a cabin, tucked away near the northern edge of the Fortress of Retribution._

The former Duke of Inferno, Beelzebub, now a pale-skinned, dead-eyed human, lays face-up on a large but simple bed. His arms rest above his head, chained to the bedpost in the same position they've been for several weeks. A sense of emptiness lingers in his heart. The undecorated bedroom is both basic and boring, with only a single light on the ceiling, barely illuminating the darkness. No sunlight streams into the basement. The sounds of the outside world, if any, are muffled beyond comprehension.

As Beelzebub lays there, very few thoughts bubble up in his mind. He listlessly stares at the ceiling with a vague, disoriented look.

His pride, his unshakable spirit, and his sense of superiority were once his most front-and-center attributes. Even a little torture wouldn't have shaken him.

But that was in the past. That was before his final detonation and rebirth. That was before he lost everything which made him a mighty demon.

Now, he feels only despair. He has become a shell of a person.

All alone in that dark room, he weakly licks his dry, cracked lips. His stomach grumbles in protest. It's been a full day since he ate any food or drank any water. As a Demon Duke, he never needed to consume sustenance to survive. But now, having lost all his magical powers, he has become as weak and frail as an old man... an old _human_.

In the world above him, a soft _thump_ stirs his thoughts. His eyes slowly trace along the ceiling as a series of footsteps walk along the cottage's upper levels. Before long, the hatch leading down into the basement flies open, and a cheerful voice sounds out.

"Mister Beelzebuuuub! I'm back! Teehee!"

Beelzebub doesn't reply. Even if he had the energy, he now lacks the will. Words will never save him from this wretched, vicious monster in demon flesh. The tormenter of his body and mind.

Rosalia stomps down the stairs and arrives at the bottom, turning to look at him with that same, undying sparkle in her eyes.

"You're awake! Oh goody! Sorry it took me so long to get back today, but work at the hospital was CRAZY! There was a collapse at this construction site, so I had to rush over and help pull a bunch of pathetic humans out of the rubble, and you know how _humans_ are, so these whiny little fleshbags were begging and pleading for help, and then my coworker Kiki was all... 'Oh Rosalia, you have to show more compassion to these poor humans,' but I was like..."

Beelzebub doesn't bother listening to anything Rosalia says. After all, not only is the screechy tone of her voice annoying to the point of drilling into his ears, but she never has anything interesting to say. He has also long grown tired of arguing with her, begging to be released, or exchanging any dialogue that would cause her to think he cares.

The corpulent demoness continues bouncing her stomach while she strolls around the room, regaling Beelzebub about her day. After a while, she turns to look at him.

"...so what do you think? Hm? Mister Beelzebub? Helloooo~!"

She frowns, then walks over and waves her hand in front of his dull, glazed-over eyes.

"Are you actually napping? Wakey-wakey! Rise and shine!"

When Beelzebub doesn't react at all to her movements, a look of annoyance flashes across Rosalia's face.

_Slap!_

She backhands him, knocking his face to the side. This elicits a dull groan from Beelzebub, who finally 'awakens' to her words. He finally looks at her with a vague, emotionless stare.

"..Ros...alia..."

"Oh, my goodness! You weren't listening at ALL, were you?" Rosalia protests. "Now I have to start ALL over again! Sheesh!"

Beelzebub coughs. "Th... thir... sty..."

"Hm? Aww, does wittle Beelzebub need some wa-wa~?" Rosalia asks, clearly delighted at him asking for her help. "I'll get some for you! Heehee!"

As she stomps away, shaking her butt while half-dancing, Beelzebub's eyes once again become empty.

She walks back shortly after with a cup full of icy-cold water.

"Here you go, Mister Beelzebub! Sippy-sip time!"

She forcibly pulls Beelzebub's mouth open, then pours a small amount of water in at a time, delightfully enjoying the sight of his complete reliance on her every whim.

"Isn't this great?! We're having so much fun!" Rosalia chirps.

After Beelzebub finally licks his lips and regains some liquid in his body, he coughs weakly, then looks at Rosalia out of the corner of his eye.

"Ro... Rosalia... I'm sorry."

She waves her hand. "It's no problem! You know me, I LOVE helping you eat and drink! It really brings us together!"

Several seconds pass. Beelzebub lowers his eyes again, gazing at the ceiling despondently.

"No. I mean... I'm sorry. For how I treated you. I always insulted you. I was... a terrible demon. I deserve everything you've done to me."

For a brief moment, the room goes quiet. Rosalia cocks her head and frowns.

"Hmm. What do you mean? You're acting like I'm torturing you, Mister Beelzebub. But I'm not! I sing to you, I feed you, and I even tell you all sorts of funny stories!"

She glances at his chained wrists, both of which are pinned above his head to the bed-boards.

"Oh, and the handcuffs are just so you don't run away again! I wouldn't want that SLUT, that WHORE, Ose, to steal you away! That SKANK is always doing whatever she wants, hmph!"

Rosalia pauses.

"Ohhh, that's right! I almost forgot! Mister Beelzebub, did you know? Ose got killed! That's right, that stupid bitch got beheaded by the Wordsmith, and now she's dead! Not just dead, but twice-dead! SUPER dead! She's so dead, she'll never be able to slut it up with you again! Hahahaha!"

Laughing maniacally the whole time, Rosalia walks away from the bed to rifle around through her purse, while Beelzebub's heart drops into the soles of his feet.

"D...dead? Ose is dead?" Beelzebub asks.

"Mhm! She'll never bother you again, Mister Beelzebub! Now it's just you and me, ehehe! Isn't that great?!"

Rosalia continues gleefully celebrating Ose's death. As for Beelzebub, he feels a different emotion, deep within his heart.

Loss.

While he couldn't truly have fallen in love with Ose, the two of them did have a few romantic moments, and they did enjoy physical intertwinement. In the end, she used him as a tool against humanity and sent him to the frontlines. This caused Beelzebub to resent her.

But after losing his powers and falling into a near-catatonic stupor for well over a month, Beelzebub's negative feelings toward Ose have long since faded away.

He merely stares forward, at the cream-colored ceiling, while feelings of apathy mix with remorse.

After spending a frightful amount of time locked in this hellish basement with the woman who only uses him for her own emotional desires, Beelzebub has finally experienced a fraction of the pain others endured as a result of his actions.

It was his choice to treat others like dirt which caused Rosalia to resent him and ultimately capture and lock him away from the world.

It was his choice to fly into a rage and detonate his body which caused him to rebirth as a weak, powerless human.

And now, as he lays on that bed, feeling a sense of hollow despair, another emotion also appears.

Acceptance.

For the first time in his life, Beelzebub accepts his lack of power. He accepts that his choices have caused others great pain, and, through a cycle of Karma, have caused him to experience that same pain as well.

What if he had treated the humans, monsters, and demons of the world better?

What if he had acted more kindly toward those around him?

Perhaps now, he would not be in his current situation.

As Beelzebub thinks these thoughts, his eyes stray across the ceiling toward a bug crawling on the walls. This insect vaguely resembles a cockroach, but also appears to be a blue-colored variant native to Tarus II's ecosystem. It crawls around in slow, meandering circles, ultimately drawing his attention due to being the only moving, non-Rosalia thing in the room.

"Alright! I'm gonna take a shower!" Rosalia chirps. "I'll be back in a bit, Mister Beelzebub!"

He doesn't answer. After Rosalia stomps up the stairs and slams the basement hatch closed, Beelzebub simply stares at the blue cockroach on the wall, watching it for no particular reason beyond his boredom and lack of any greater purpose in life.

While Rosalia sings to herself in the shower, Beelzebub continues to lay motionless, a quiet swelling of emotion in his chest.

_All my pain is my own fault. I'm trapped here because I deserve to be. Who would rescue me? And why would I deserve their help? I've made so many enemies... even the people who care about me only do so for selfish reasons. I have no friends. No comrades. Only people who hate me and wish for my death._

A single tear slides down Beelzebub's cheek.

_I deserve to suffer._

---

A mile or two to the north of Rosalia's house, the newly crowned Duke of Locusts, Kiari, works excitedly to help her human friends. With another big apartment complex getting built just outside the Fortress of Retribution's confines, it's all-hands-on-deck to install electrical outlets, plumb water through the interior, and fill in the walls and ceiling with insulation before eventually closing them up.

Kiari's most significant ability after becoming a Duke is the ability to enlarge her bugs to ludicrous sizes. Despite always having been able to speak to and control insects, arachnids, and other such creepy-crawlies, her 'cute little pets' typically were too small and weak to help en-masse with certain types of tasks.

But now, thanks to her Duke-level power, she can ride to work atop a massive flying bee-like insect, something resembling a neon green wasp with a spotted body.

Kiari eagerly rushes into the building, followed by an army of foot-tall and ten-foot-long centipedes racing after her, forcing the humans around her to step aside.

"Alright pretty babies!" Kiari chirps cutely. "Get 'buzzy'! We have to finish building this thingy!"

Her army of crawlers divide and conquer, grabbing into tools with their dextrous mandibles to fill in walls, smooth out floors, and otherwise do any task a human might do. Despite Kiari's relative lack of intelligence regarding human technology, she has built enough houses and apartments to know how to follow building construction guides.

At the same time as Kiari's swarm gets to work, the humans outside stand aside, shivering at the sight of so many horrifyingly huge bugs swarming all over the structure.

Linda Hurent rubs her arms and shivers. "Ugh. I love Kiari to death... but damn, her bugs just make me feel so _icky_ inside, you know?"

Another construction worker beside her, a succubus from the Hell of Lust, shrugs lightly. "Bugs. I don't think they're that scary when they're big. I hate when a swarm of tiny little ones crawl on me, but when they're bigger, they're easier targets. I can smash 'em if they get too close."

Linda shudders. "Yuck. Don't tell Kiari what I said, alright? She gets really sad if people say anything mean about her... pets."

"I didn't hear anything." The demoness answers with a shrug.

Before long, Kiari's army of giant centipedes swaps out for giant ants, which are even more efficient and dexterous at construction. This swarm rapidly finishes the job, causing all the nearby bystanders to cheer and clap.

"Wow! Way to go, Kiari!"

"So fast! She can do the final tasks in a fraction of the time! That means all the rest of us get our Merit Tokens that much faster!"

"Kiari is so pretty! I love her full, black hair!"

That last comment comes from a random incubus in the audience, though nobody faults him for his words. He is, after all, a literal sex demon.

After Kiari finishes, she shrinks her bugs down and disperses them, sending them off into the woods to leave the nearly-finished building clean and empty for the inspection crews.

Kiari flies down to the waiting crowd of people atop her giant bumblebee. When she lands, she shrinks it and lets it sit on her shoulder, while cheerfully walking over to Corporal Hurent and waving.

"Heyyy Linda! Sorry to swoop in and take over all the finishing stuff!"

The Corporal waves her hand flippantly. "It's totally fine, Kiari. Thanks for all your hard work!"

She and Kiari go in for a deep hug. After Kiari hugs Linda, she also hugs some of the other people nearby, especially all the demons. When the incubus from before gives her a wink, she winks back.

"I'll have to rest a while to restore my mana." Kiari says, while reaching behind her head to pin her hair into a ponytail. "This is already my third apartment complex today."

"We estimated two days to finish the work without you." Linda says. "So, you cut our completion time down to a fraction of the original estimation. Thanks for that. Are you excited to try out the new Power Gloves? I'll start distributing them to the general public next week!"

Kiari shrugs. "Ehh, I don't know, Linda. I'm not really interested in playing around with human stuff. I just want to help all my friends get into houses as quick as possible. You should see how many mothers and fathers have to sleep in tents with their children. It's really sad..."

The succubus beside Linda taps her chin. "What about the demons without homes?"

"We'll survive!" Kiari says without hesitation. "We demons are tough as heck. We don't need to eat or drink. We pretty much don't even have to sleep, either. We have to make sure we stand up for our cute little human friends and help them out!"

"You're such a kind-hearted girl," Linda praises. "Sometimes I forget you're... how old?"

"Seventeen thousand years." Kiari says, not even batting an eye.

"Right..." Linda coughs. "Seventeen... thousand... good grief, I hope I look as good as you at that age!"

The three ladies laugh in response. Not long after, Kiari waves goodbye. She heads south again, riding atop her bumblebee to get back to the city center of the Fortress of Retribution.

"Hmm... after spending all my mana on work, I'm kinda tired..." Kiari grumbles to herself. "Maybe I should stop by Yamir's restaurant to get some grub! ...Hmm?"

Kiari pauses her flight. She receives a telepathic message from her bugs in the region, all part of their daily reports if they find or discover anything useful. As a secret spy for the Wordsmith, Kiari's true goal is to try and see if she can uncover the identities of any Changelings, but so far, they have either been extremely careful, or don't even exist.

"What's this? You say there's an old man chained up in a basement?" Kiari cries out. "Oh my gosh! That's awful! Who would do such a thing?! That poor fellow!"

Her heart bleeds at the thought of a precious human friend suffering under the boot of some malicious person. Kiari's heart quickly bubbles with anger as she directs her attention to a cottage hidden in some dense shrubbery underneath the plateau outcropping belonging to Tarus II's capitol city.

"Wait a minute. I recognize that house. Isn't that... isn't that where Rosalia lives?"

As a nurse working directly under Belial, Rosalia has garnered a minor amount of renown among the many humans, monsters, and demons living and working on Tarus II. It doesn't take Kiari's Duke-level mind more than a second to recall that Rosalia lives out in this area.

"How could Rosalia chain an old man to a bed, though? She's such a nice person. There must be a mistake!"

Kiari lands a short distance from the house. She hides in the shrubbery and sends in a few bugs to scout the perimeter. Before long, one of her flying pets locates an open window and flies inside.

Using a direct link to that bug, Kiari scouts the house's interior. She discovers a hatch in the floor, one which leads down into the basement, but which is also covered with a rug.

"How strange... how very strange..." Kiari mumbles. "I can't imagine Rosalia doing something like this. Do I have the wrong house? No... there's someone showering right now. It's her! But why would she... why would she..."

Not knowing who the old man is, Kiari can only hesitantly wonder if, perhaps, Rosalia maybe has stranger 'tastes' than the average demoness. After all, plenty of succubi and incubi engage in 'fun play' using handcuffs and other such devices.

"I shouldn't jump to conclusions..." Kiari mutters. "Maybe they're just being _weird_ together. It's not my place to judge others... but just to be sure, I should try and ask that old man if he needs any help."

After making her decision, Kiari hesitates. Not wanting to barge in and cause any misunderstandings, she instead opts to move stealthily and stay hidden. She moves to a hidden spot more than a mile away, surveying the cottage with her bugs. After a while, Rosalia exits the shower. She heads into the basement and talks to the old man, but Kiari's bugs lack effective ways to listen in on conversations, and as such, she can only take haphazard guesses as to the contents of their discussion.

However, Kiari can peer through the eyes of her bugs. In doing so, she picks up plenty of contextual clues about Rosalia and the old man's relationship.

"...She seems to have a fondness for him, but his eyes are empty, despondent. He definitely looks like a prisoner she's holding in secret. Perhaps she doesn't want him to escape? But why do this sort of thing to a random old man? I just don't understand..."

Kiari doesn't recognize Beelzebub's face, especially without his demonic horns and skin coloration, to say nothing of his aged appearance, looking almost fifty years old. He appears very different from the proud Duke who detonated his body above the skies of Tarus II.

An entire night passes. Rosalia goes to sleep, then wakes up, eats her food, and leaves with a skip in her step. She heads back to the hospital district to return to work, finally leaving the house unattended.

Once Rosalia leaves, Kiari makes her move.

She steals into the house, opens the basement hatch, and climbs down inside. Upon stepping downstairs, she finally comes face-to-face with the poor old man chained to the bed.

For his part, Beelzebub quickly recognizes that Kiari is not Rosalia. His heart skips a beat when he sees an unfamiliar Duke creeping into the basement. Uncertain of her motivations, his stomach clenches, but he decides any fate would be better than his current one.

"Help... help me..." Beelzebub coughs. "Please... great Duke... please help me..."

Kiari's heart also skips a beat.

"Old man! Are you okay? Is Rosalia holding you prisoner down here?"

Still unsure of what Kiari's motivations are, Beelzebub slowly nods his head.

"Yes... I... I was kidnapped... that woman chained me here... but who are you? Why are you...?"

"I'm Kiari, the Duke of Locusts!" Kiari chirps. She walks over to the side of the bed and frowns when she sees the deep red marks on Beelzebub's wrists, a sign that the handcuffs haven't been removed even once, potentially leading to gangrene in the future. "Um. And you are...?"

Faced with the question of his identity, Beelzebub tenses up.

Lying would be an easy path. He quickly recognizes a youthful naivete in Kiari's intentions. As a lofty Duke, she could have easily barged in and shoved Rosalia aside, yet she carefully considered the situation and made moves to try and not offend anyone.

If he wanted to, he could easily falsify his name. He could call himself 'Robert' or some other generic human name. No doubt, Kiari would believe him.

It becomes immediately apparent to Beelzebub that lying would be the safest way out of his predicament.

Yet... when the moment comes, he pauses.

The former Duke of Inferno gazes up at the woman seconds from freeing him.

For the first time in his life, he feels a vague sense of... guilt.

Yes, guilt.

Always, he has lied, bragged, and insulted others. His haughty attitude led to the collapse of his pride and the loss of his powers.

In the end, it was his dishonesty that caused his ruin.

During these brief moments of hesitation, Beelzebub even recalls the words he exchanged with his Creator.

"My name..." Beelzebub croaks, pausing just a moment longer.

"It's... it's Beelzebub."

"I am Beelzebub. The sinner who hurt this world."