Part 325: The Mightiest Demon

Confessor Vulpanix surveys Hell Harbor's devastated landscape. Using her psionic powers, she conducts a sweep of the entire planet several times, examining every nook and cranny without moving a muscle.

The results prove dismal.

[Duke Ose. Emperor Ose. Whatever your title is... you have utterly failed at your job. You were tasked with maintaining the order of the Demonic Territories. Instead, lawlessness has run rampant. For several orbital cycles, I have received scattered reports of minor insurrections among the human populace, ultimately resulting in a total shutdown of the Labyrinth Core for an extended period of time. These results are... unacceptable.]

While Vulpanix telepathically transmits her words in a wide radius, Emperor Yardrat stares at her in stunned silence. Along with the other Hidden Emperors, he has long lost his memories of the Volgrim, only knowing of them as the almighty 'Overlords.' However, seeing one in the flesh, along with Ose's out of character deference, he quickly understands that the alien in the sky is not a simple figure, but a messenger for a truly fearsome enemy he cannot hope to overcome.

Vulpanix continues. [Now I understand what I have been missing. Tell me, Ose... when were you planning to inform the Founders of the Archangels' appearance? Why did you not explain the energy signature we detected flying through this star system just a few rotational cycles previously?]

Ose raises her head and frowns.

"I beg your pardon? You detected an energy signature in this system?"

Vulpanix maintains a neutral expression, but secretly, she evaluates Ose's body language to try and figure out if the Duke-Emperor anomaly is lying to her.

[Correct. A Heroic-energy signature was detected flying at sub-light speeds through the Hell Harbor system. The local observational outpost requested assistance. Sangin Kordonis arrived, along with eight rapid-response teams. They confronted the anomalous life-form, but it summarily attacked and defeated them. Surprisingly, the life-form did not take any lives. It only subverted control of their ships and sent them back to Volgarius. Compared with the overwhelmingly violent actions of these Archangels... its motivations appear completely different. Would you not agree?]

Ose starts to speak, but Vulpanix continues.

[Additionally. I was dispatched to investigate Marie Becker's laboratory to retrieve our inspection teams. While I was there, I encountered a free-floating soul-type life-form. I attempted to capture it, but it broke free of my grasp and escaped. Tell me, Ose. Do you know how difficult it is for an errant soul to escape a Confessor's psionic shackles?]

Ose purses her lips. "Nearly impossible."

[Correct. I have done some investigating, of late. There are a surprising number of anomalies occurring recently, and all of them happened under your watch. Would you care to explain yourself, or shall I condemn this world to Total Rendition?]

Ose's eyes flicker. "You wouldn't dare."

[Would I not? Our people signed a treaty. There were agreements put in place. You have failed to uphold your end of the treaty. As part of the penalty clause, I may decide to invoke my authority to declare a Total Rendition of this planetary mass. Explain your failures to me. Make me comprehend the pieces I have failed to understand. Only then may I offer a certain measure of leniency.]

Several seconds pass.

Ose's eyes flicker several times as she wrestles with the secrets she has been keeping from the Volgrim.

Her struggles to capture and obtain total control of the Wordsmith.

Her vision of uniting demonkind under her rule and ultimately rising up to cast their shackles away and overturn the power of the Volgrim.

However...

When faced with the might and authority of a Confessor, as well as the implications of her backers, the Founders themselves, even Ose can only bow her head.

She swallows a breath and bites her tongue.

"...Six years ago. A Hero emerged among the humans. His name is Jason. His unique power is called 'Wordsmithing.'"

Ose speaks haltingly, the pain of having to tell the truth biting into her psyche. Despite this, she maintains not only her Balrog Form, but also her Aspect of the Thunder God. She does this not just to resist Vulpanix's psionic pressure, but also to send a clear message regarding her newfound powers.

Half an hour passes as Ose slowly explains the events of the past several years, taking care not to go into certain details regarding her grand plans. However, her lack of explanation does not hinder Vulpanix from quietly theorizing and hypothesizing on these matters.

[Foolish mud-dweller.] Vulpanix says, her words filled with scorn. [Do not think you can deceive this Confessor. I am well-trained in the mental arts. I sense your burning ambition, though you try to hide it. You did not inform us of the Wordsmith because you desired his power for yourself. Your greed nearly cost your species and mine the entire War!]

Vulpanix snorts. She completely ignores Yardrat's insignificant presence, given his pathetic level of power and authority.

[Diablo is comatose. You are still the leader of the Seven Hells. Nevertheless, this implicit betrayal of your _superiors_ cannot pass without punishment. If I am to allow you to maintain your authority, you will have to pay a steep price.]

Ose balls her hands into fists. "You think you have the right? I told you everything! How dare you act as if-"

[SILENCE!] Vulpanix roars. Her psionic voice flattens the land around Ose, crushing Yardrat into the dirt and forcing him to bow. However, it does not even make Ose flinch. [You have forgotten to fear your betters, mud-dweller! You have cast your eyes aside, thinking yourself better than the Founders! UNFORGIVEABLE! You primitives are NOTHING compared to the might of the Volgrim! You exist because we ALLOW you to exist! Of the two million habitable planets in the Milky Way, this one is little more than a scorched speck unworthy of notice, and its decay is all your fault! I will be doing the galaxy a favor by condemning it to Total Rendition!]

The more Vulpanix speaks, the angrier Ose becomes. She squeezes Mjolnir's handle and begins to tremble, fighting to hold back the Balrog's primal hunger for blood.

"Do... not... make me... ANGRY! Watch what you say next, _Confessor_! If you think you can do as you please, you don't know who you're messing with! I am OSE! I am the mightiest demon in existence! I am the future of my people, and I will NOT allow you to speak down to me any longer!"

Ose begins to levitate into the air, using her lightning affinity to shift her polaric nature. Mjolnir's chain becomes taut as it hangs in her grasp, eventually lifting off the dirt.

[Insolence!] Vulpanix exclaims. [Whether or not you can defeat me, that is irrelevant! If you dare to fight back, I will call down the Founders! They will rain devastation upon demonkind, wiping out your useless lives with nary a care!]

"Perhaps they will!" Ose retorts. "But I do not believe... they will be able to defeat ME!"

Her aura surges. Ose begins rapidly revolving Mjolnir around herself, preparing to lunge at the Confessor.

Vulpanix's blood chills as she realizes Ose might, in fact, attack her.

_In truth, I could not defeat that 'Cherubiim' monstrosity, yet Ose handily crushed it. If we come to blows, I will lose without fail. However! I must not allow a mud-dweller to stand up to me! It will sully the name of the great Volgrim Empire!_

Vulpanix summons psionic power into her chest, then conjures a temporal barrier around her body.

[I am a seventh-ranked Psion, an elite among elites. I may not be an eighth-rank or a Founder, but my name alone would cow anyone in their right mind to submission. Do you really wish to test my patience, primitive being?]

Yardrat climbs to his feet. He watches in fascinated horror as Ose dares to levitate closer and closer to Vulpanix, goading her enemy into making the first move.

"Do I dare? Do YOU dare, Vulpanix? Where I stand, all I see is a Hellhound pup without any teeth! You don't appear as frightening to me as you once did... and neither do I fear your Founders. I only worry they might hurt my fellow demons! But even then... why should I care? I never liked them, anyway. Do your worst, if you dare to test me."

Several seconds of tense silence follow. Ose and Vulpanix continue circulating their energy, waiting for the other to strike.

Vulpanix nods slowly. [So be it. If you wish to condemn your species to the 'Great Beyond,' then I will guide you there myself!]

At that moment, just before either combatant can lunge toward each other, they both stop.

Strange expressions cross their faces.

Vulpanix's eyes dart from left to right. [Hmm? This feeling... the Archangels? Have they returned?]

Ose, likewise, appears equally confused. "What Archangels, are you daft? Are you trying to trick me, Confessor?"

Miles across the horizon, a tiny, insignificant-seeming speck appears. A figure cloaked in strange, otherworldly energy.

This figure takes a step forward. It travels one mile closer. Then, it takes another step, and draws yet another mile closer. As if shattering the laws of physics, it casually strolls through the air, crossing space without appearing to move quickly at all.

Yardrat is the first to detect its appearance. "W-what in the Seven Hells?! Over there, you two!"

Ose and Vulpanix both turn in unison to see the bipedal being, something so faint and illusory that it appears to not even exist at all, casually strolling toward them.

Ose shoots an icy glare at the newcomer. "Who are you?"

Confessor Vulpanix, however, freezes up. A look of shock enters her eyes.

[You. It's... it's you...]

The newcomer's body appears androgynous, lacking all biological indicators or features, making it appear little more than a blob of cloudy liquid. While it might be seen as vaguely human shaped, the two enormous horns on both sides of its head tell a different story.

**Confessor Vulpanix. You are not the One I last spoke to. And Ose. Despite what the Confessor has said, you have performed moderately well in your role as... Second Emperor.**

The newcomer's voice does not speak telepathically, nor audibly. Instead, it transmits into the air and their minds at the same time, mystifying Ose and Vulpanix both regarding the methods used.

Ose glances at Vulpanix. "Who is this?"

Vulpanix visibly trembles. [He... she... it... it is the... First Emperor of Demonkind.]

The newcomer slows to a stop a short distance from Ose and Vulpanix. Despite the close distance, no matter how Ose tries to focus on its presence, nothing sticks out in her mind. The so-called 'First Emperor' appears sickeningly illusory, like a memory from a fifty-year old dream that barely lingers in her mind for seconds at a time. The instant she averts her eyes, she begins to lose her memory of its appearance, making her force herself to gaze at it with rapt attention.

**I am the First Emperor of Transience. My existence is temporary. My identity, unimportant. What is important is that I show up here, now.**

The First Emperor slowly turns their head to look in Vulpanix's direction.

**You threatened my species. You threatened my Second Emperor. That was an unwise move. I recommend that you speak to your Founders before making any... rash decisions... on their behalf.**

Vulpanix shudders. A strange pressure builds up in her mind, forcing her to retreat from the First Emperor's presence.

[The... the treaty-]

**The treaty is still valid. If you wish to destroy Hell Harbor, you may attempt to do so. However, you and I both know what will come next. Are you certain that you wish to condemn Volgarius to the abyss? Surely, your pettiness has not made you... stupid.**

The First Emperor stares down Vulpanix with its faceless head, its lack of eyes somehow even more terrifying than if it had them at all.

"You are the First Emperor?" Ose asks. "Bullshit! Why didn't you show up earlier when the Cherubiim was attacking?! Why have you not shown yourself in thousands of years?! You're just some sort of... fake!"

**Why did I not show up? Is the answer not clear? There was no need. Demonkind lives without me. If I reveal myself whenever any minor enemy appears, my abilities will become incapable of surprising my foes. You handled the Cherubiim well, Ose. I am proud of you.**

"I don't want y-your congratulations!" Ose sputters. "I want an explanation! If you're really the First Emperor, prove it! I challenge you to a fight! I beat the Cherubiim without breaking a sweat, and I can surely crush you, too!"

Vulpanix shoots a strange look at Ose. [No, Ose. Do not attempt to fight the First Emperor. There are stories of what they accomplished after the Energy Wars. You will lose.]

"Oh, I _doubt that._" Ose says. "I am the mightiest demon this galaxy has EVER seen! What First Emperor? What Founders? I don't fear any of- UHK!"

A crushing pressure suddenly presses down on Ose's existence. In the blink of an eye, she loses control and demorphs from her Balrog form, then falls from the sky. She hits the ground with a violent _boom,_ then lays in the dirt, shivering and unable to move.

The First Emperor remains in the same place as before, like a statue.

**Ose. Do not think that you have reached the sky above the sky. In the cosmic scale of things, you are still insignificant. But worry not. I am here. I will continue to shield demonkind from its greatest threats.**

Ose lays on the ground. Her body twitches as she fights to move a muscle. No matter how she struggles, she barely manages to shift her arm a few millimeters.

_What's going on?!_ Ose thinks, as her panic intensifies. _This isn't soul pressure, not like what Raphael used! It's something else! I can barely twitch my fingers! How is Bael's body this feeble?!_

The First Emperor releases their pressure, allowing Ose to breathe.

**Vulpanix. You will return to Volgarius. You will speak to the Founders. You will remind them of my existence. Remember. Demonkind is under my protection. If you threaten my species again, I will not hesitate to unleash my powers a second time. Your homeworld will suffer a swift and cataclysmic end.**

The First Emperor's voice softens as they slightly lean toward her.

**And also remember. I know your grasp on the galaxy has weakened in recent centuries. Do not grandstand before me when you lack the power to back up your words.**

Vulpanix shudders. Despite having fought and killed tens of thousands of mighty monsters and horrors in her lifetime, none of them come even close to the First Emperor's general sense of terror.

[Y-yes. Then. In that case. I will take my leave.]

Vulpanix flies into the sky and leaves without hesitation, traveling back into the Void all by herself. The previously haughty Psion no longer resembles a conqueror, but a beaten dog scampering back into the bushes.

After she leaves, the First Emperor remains. They hover in the sky, not yet leaving for some as-of-yet unknown reason.

**Ose. You are right to doubt the Volgrim. They are no longer capable of shackling our species as they once did. However, do not brashly threaten or start any conflicts with them. They protect us from the greater Threat... and they are not winning that war.**

Ose pulls herself off the ground. She huffs and puffs as if wildly fatigued. Whatever the First Emperor hit her with, it wiped her stamina out and made the Cherubiim fight feel like an utter breeze in comparison.

"You... you're talking about... the Plague?"

**I am.**

Ose lifts her head to look at the Emperor of Transience above her.

"What do you know about the Plague?"

Yardrat listens intently, trying to make himself as small as possible. He does not understand what the First or Second Emperors are referring to, but something about their discussion strikes him as existentially important.

**Not enough. The Plague confounds any attempts to observe it. It spreads. It attacks. It consumes. Thousands of worlds have fallen. If the Volgrim lose the war, demonkind will fall next. We cannot win against the Plague. None can. It is simply too powerful.**

"Not even you can defeat it?" Ose asks.

**No. My powers might appear omnipotent to the likes of you, but in the cosmic scale, they are insignificant.**

The First Emperor pauses before continuing.

**Only the Wordsmith might stand a chance. He is not our enemy. He is our only hope.**

Ose snorts. "All the more reason to capture him."

**Capture or befriend. Do as you like. I will not interfere. I am transitory. I cannot affect the balance without paying a price.**

Ose frowns. "What do you mean? Who are you, really?"

The First Emperor shakes their head.

**Farewell, Ose. I will leave demonkind in your capable hands. Do not fail your species.**

Ose starts to speak up, to demand answers, but as she watches, the First Emperor's body slowly fades away, vanishing from existence itself.

Moments later, her thoughts become foggy. Ose dizzily shakes her head. She forces herself to remember the First Emperor's appearance, but no matter how she tries, she can only recall a vague and blurry shadow, like a memory from ancient times.

Yardrat sucks in a breath.

"Seven Hells. I really am nothing more than a speck of dust within the grand scheme of things, aren't I?"

Ose turns her head to look at him.

"You weren't supposed to learn of these things... but perhaps the old mind-wipes aren't as important as I once thought. Not anymore. Times have changed. Gather all the Emperors again. We're going to hold a second meeting."

Yardrat helplessly gestures to the destroyed world around him.

"Alright. But where?"

"I'll tell you once I've surveyed the damage," Ose answers. A strange calmness takes over her expression as she gazes at the dust-choked sky. "The First Emperor is... he's so powerful. Or she. It. I don't know what he is... but he appointed me as the leader. There must be a reason for all of this. We can't sit on our hands, anymore."

Yardrat nods.

"To that, I agree."