Part 380: Jason's Departure

_Two days later._

Five weeks after Stormbringer, and a little over two after Ose's death, humanity's intelligence bureau receives a communication from the Volgrim.

Sangin Kordonis has arrived.

As the designated ambassador for human-Volgrim relations, he has been tasked with bringing the Wordsmith to Volgarius, where the First Founder will finally speak to him in person. As the two leaders of their species, both people hold positions of power, but Unarin's strength wildly exceeds Jason's, making him the higher-status individual. As such, it's simply not appropriate for him to travel to Jason.

Even so, the Wordsmith doesn't feel humiliated at being placed below Unarin. As a Wordsmith, he's fully confident in his abilities, and believes that given time, humanity will far exceed any accomplishments the Volgrim have ever achieved. For the moment though, his forces are indeed far inferior to even Volgrimkind's weakest auxiliary armies, let alone the ones stationed on their capital world.

Jason, Phoebe, Fiona, and Neil all stand at the southern side of the Fortress of Retribution, some distance from the prisons, outside the crystal dome that covers the city. Before them, a huge landing pad sits, created by Jason just ten minutes earlier, formed out of concrete and steel.

Behind humanity's leaders, fifty thousand soldiers stand at attention in five rows of ten thousand each. They form up behind the Wordsmith, granting him an impressive and awe-inspiring retinue. To Jason's right, a small army of demons stands, while on his left, an army of monsters also stands.

The clouds part, and a giant ship half a kilometer in length slowly descends. The utilitarian, boxy-looking vessel sports two wavy wings stretching out of its sides, each one equipped with double-barreled photon cannons for ship-to-surface combat. The front of the ship narrows to a point, making it look like a rectangular, winged javelin capable of piercing through other vessels should it choose to execute a ramming maneuver. The fact it possesses stealth modules only adds to its lethality.

As a stealth and combat-type frigate, the VLL Hatoraxia is considered by many Volgrim to be a well-equipped, bog-standard vessel used by elites of all the different sub-species. With only a few unique modifications added to it, it wouldn't stand out compared to others of the same class, but it still possesses enough firepower to wipe humanity's existence off the face of Tarus II.

In that respect, it commands fear from all who gaze upon its subtle black exterior.

Humanity's elites, as well as countless monsters and demons, stare with grim expressions at the descending starship. Its massive size and sleek, formidable appearance reminds them of the might the Volgrim possess. Even the cockiest Demon Emperors realize that before a mere frigate of the Volgrim Empire, their combined strength simply isn't even worth a sneeze.

The Hatoraxia's landing struts _clank_ against the landing pad, and its thrusters blow up a small storm of dust. A minute later, its side opens up and a ramp extends downward. Sangin Kordonis and his Psion comrade, Invocator Miikil, walk toward the awaiting human elites.

"Greetings to all of you." Sangin says, appearing much more calm and regal than the last time he met with Jason. "I offer well-wishes to your species on behalf of the great and glorious Five Founders."

Having recently dedicated a certain amount of time to the study of humanity, Kordonis has observed many of their mannerisms from old holodisks. Now that he has mentally prepared himself for what the Wordsmith can do, he doesn't allow himself to get flustered before humanity's people. After all, as a high and mighty Volgrim representative, he must project power before the mud-dwellers, lest they forget the strength of their 'betters.'

Jason casually walks toward Kordonis and extends his fist forward. "It's good to see you again, Sangin Kordonis. Is it fine if I just call you Kordonis? I'm not much for formality."

Kordonis nods. "You may."

He glances at Jason's extended fist, then hesitates for a moment before extending his own arm. However, instead of a hand, his limb tapers off into five long, stringy tentacles. He balls them up into a shape somewhat resembling a fist, and presses them against Jason's fist.

"I was under the impression most humans preferred to 'shake hands' as part of your formal greeting." Kordonis says, retracting his arm afterward. "However, I have learned that some of the... _less refined_ among your people, prefer to perform the ritual of a 'fist bump.' I came prepared."

Kordonis's mouth-tendrils quiver as he speaks, carefully enunciating his words to be loud and audible for everyone to hear him.

"I'm not big on formalities." Jason says. "I treat everyone casually and as an equal. Too much rigidity in social structures makes the titles and positions of power more desirable than actually performing good and worthy deeds to earn those titles."

"A fair assessment." Kordonis nods. He turns his attention away from Jason. "Ah. And you must be the female mating partner of the Wordsmith, Phoebe Hiro. Although... I am confused as to why there are two of you, and why the second one appears to be a holographic entity."

"I'm Phoebe Hiro." Phoebe says. "This is Fiona. She's my... twin sister. Due to a series of odd events, she's now only a soul-form."

Fiona puffs out her chest. "I'm also married to Jason, though. It's complicated."

Kordonis nods sagely. "Of course. I have read that powerful warriors among the humans often take multiple female partners as their mates. It is a sign of virility and proof you will bear many descendants."

Jason, Phoebe, and Fiona all exchange brief, awkward glances before coughing into their fists.

"Yeah. Something like that." Jason says, quickly changing the subject. "Has your war situation changed recently?"

"The War is neverending." Kordonis says. "Once it began, not one cycle has passed wherein the Volgrim were not slowly losing ground. The Kolvaxians are an enemy more frightening than you can possibly imagine."

He glances in the direction of several demon leaders, among them being Emperor Melody.

"As for what happened to the world of Sharmur, First Founder Unarin expresses his sincerest condolences, and has offered to help locate a new habitable world suitable for the Hell of Isolation to reside upon."

"That ain't necessary." Melody says, waving her hand. "For now, we're going to stay on Tarus II with our friends from the Hell of Lust. We'll help the humans rebuild."

With a nod, Kordonis directs his attention back to the Wordsmith.

"The attack on Sharmur was not an isolated incident. In the last twenty-three rotational cycles, eleven worlds inhabited by my people have fallen. Billions have perished to the alien menace. Unarin is... anxious to become acquainted with you in person, Wordsmith. Have you completed all of your preparations?"

Jason nods. "I'm going to bring a few retainers with me on the trip, but otherwise, while I'm gone, Phoebe and Neil Adams will be in charge of humanity's matters."

"We have plenty of room aboard our ship for your comrades to stay." Kordonis says, his voice slow and soothing. "We would like to return to Volgarius in haste. Time is of the essence, so that you can begin assisting us in investigating and repelling the Plague. Uncovering its weakness, as well as its origins, is our top priority."

"I understand." Jason says with a nod. "I'll join you on the ship shortly."

Kordonis bows slightly as a form of deference. Turning around, he heads back up the Hatoraxia's ramp with Miikil, and they vanish into its interior.

Jason turns to the throng of humans, demons, and monsters behind him.

"Everyone. I will return soon. In the meantime, please continue rebuilding without me. Phoebe will hold the Stormbringer Tribunal in my stead. Before then, she will take care to revive all of our fallen people through the Lazarus Tower. I hope to hear good news upon my return. Stay safe... and don't get into any fights. If I come back and find out anyone crossed a line they shouldn't have... there will be hell to pay."

Jason kisses Phoebe goodbye. Fiona steps inside his Mind Realm, as do Shana and Lorent. With Jason leaving, they won't be able to maintain contact with the soul pylons that enable their materialized bodies to become visible, and they would only be able to stay on the Cube. Not only that, but Jason seeks as much protection from the Psions as possible, so he chooses to bring the three of them along... just in case.

Before heading onto the Hatoraxia, Jason pauses when he sees Uriel approaching him. She holds out her hand, face-up.

"Wordsmith. These Volgrim, verily they art deceitful and treacherous. Trust none of them. My brother has asked if he might join thee on thy journey."

Jason glances at the ring in Uriel's outstretched palm. He plucks it from her grasp.

"Raphael? Sure. I'll feel a lot safer if I have a master of the soul arts like him reinforcing my Mind Realm."

"Excellent." Uriel says, her voice somewhat growly. "Consult with him often. I believe the First Founder may attempt to deceive thee upon many an occasion. He is far less scrupulous than he acts."

"Noted." Jason says. "If you happen to see Hope, let him know where I've gone. Maybe he'll return soon, having successfully killed or captured Mephisto and Yama."

"Those two bastards art tricky like chameleons." Uriel observes. "Uncovering their hiding location shalt prove difficult, indeed."

Without any further words, Jason nods and turns to the Hatoraxia. Behind him, a few different humans and monsters follow along. Among them is, surprisingly, none other than Yamir, as well as Lieutenant Samuel. With work soon to complete on the Power Gloves, Samuel's job of coordinating T-REX handouts is temporarily less necessary than before, so he joins the team as Jason's muscle.

In addition to the monster chef and the human lieutenant, a demoness joins their ranks. Serena, the Emperor of Soul Whispers. While Jason originally felt it was a bit odd to have a former enemy join him, he changed his mind due to the fact that her combat strength wasn't especially high, and because she suggested she might be able to help him with defending his mind from high-ranking Psions.

As the group reaches the bottom of the ramp, Emperor Serena turns to the Wordsmith. Her sightless eyes fixate on the general direction of his face, and she speaks in a quiet, whispery voice.

"Emperor Gorn wishes to thank you for your Word of Power. You have opened his mind to the greater truths of the Dao."

"It was nothing." Jason says, casually waving his hand. "Happy to help."

"Mmm. Gorn is my lover, you see. His pleasure is also mine." Serena says. "You are a good man, Jason Hiro."

"Thanks. Uh, you too." Jason says, cringing awkwardly at his words. "I mean... never mind."

The party of ten people boards the ship. As the entry ramp closes behind them, Lieutenant Samuel glances around at the bright and shiny steel interior, along with the glowing power conduits on the walls, the soft white lighting along the ceiling, and the other futuristic designs that stand far apart from humanity.

"Well. Ain't this some fancy shit?"

---

Hope Hiro travels across the Labyrinth. With his abilities, he could travel to and from the El Dorado Room in under a minute, but he conserves his mana, taking the long and hard route instead. Arthur's construct follows behind him, suppressing its aura so as to not alarm any enemies, while the two of them practice their stealth skills.

It only takes Hope a day or two to secretly return to the Core. He stows away Arthur's construct by turning it into a compact soul-form, then placing it within his Mind Realm via a Word of Power.

"**Storage.**"

After putting the black hole construct away, Hope turns himself invisible and ethereal. He saunters back into the Core, completely unseen and undetected by a single entity. Not even the mighty Demon Emperors notice him when he passes them on the sly.

Hope listens to the chatter of the people around him. He quickly gets up to speed on the happenings that have taken place, then nods to himself.

_It should be about that time. Jason will be departing Tarus II. Since I don't know where Volgarius is or how to reach it, I'll have to stow away!_

Hope silently follows Jason around, like a specter in the night. He coldly watches his main body while standing not far from him. Creepily, Jason walks right past Hope, never once realizing his clone could reach out and murder him with a twist of his wrist, let alone a Word of Power.

_It would be so easy._ Hope thinks. _I could kill Jason and he wouldn't be able to retaliate. Hell, I could take his place. I could get Phoebe back. I could get everything I deserve! But I won't do that. It wouldn't be right, and I'm not a murderer like him. So I'll bide my time. I'll win over humanity with my own efforts, just you wait and see, Jason..._

With a shake of his head, Hope pushes those thoughts into his stomach. He continues following Jason until the Volgrim ambassadors arrive. After the Hatoraxia lands, and while Jason exchanges pleasantries, Hope scans the entire ship with his Wordsmithing. He locates dozens of viable hiding places, then teleports inside, concealing himself in a secret corner on a lower deck.

The Wordsmith's clone extends his spiritual senses around, identifying and marking every Volgrim on the ship. Without any of them knowing, he copies their memories and places them inside his Mind Realm to be dealt with later.

_If only I had a Fiona of my own._ Hope muses. _She could go through and sort all these memories for me. Oh, well. I have time. I'll just have to do it myself._

Hope dives into the stored memories of the Volgrim and begins sifting through them. Despite there only being a few hundred crew-members aboard the Hatoraxia, each of them possesses at least tens of thousands of years worth of memories, and some have a hundred thousand, a million, or more!

Among the Volgrim, a five million year old is still a junior even when placed beside a five thousand year old junior. To their species, seniority comes from results, not age.

As such, Hope find that even among the older-lived ones, their knowledge base doesn't include any useful or classified information. Not one of them knows where Excalibur is located, nor the Dominion Rod or even that these artifacts exist!

However, as Hope browses through one crew-member's memories, his blood turns cold.

In his mind's eye, a scene plays out.

A scene of horror that Technopath officer personally experienced... and one he will never forget for the rest of his life.

---

_The world of Kavos, forty-six thousand years ago._

I was a young initiate at the time. Five thousand years old. I was still inexperienced in matters of second-order technology, but I was working my way toward mastering it so I could someday reach the first-order. I wanted to become a great inventor, a creator of technology on par with the leaders of the Great Clans.

At that time, I was only a simple field technician. The War had been raging for well over fifty thousand years, but I never thought it would reach me. I simply repaired the ships that came back from the frontlines. I did my part, and I was rewarded for my efforts.

It was a simple life, but I was a Volgrim with grand aspirations.

Technician 71145, that was my worker designation. I had no merits, so my name was never used, at least not by my superiors. Sometimes, I envied the simpler life-forms, those who were allowed to possess their own identity from birth. But I was not like them.

Relatives. Friends. Family. These terms were not ones I connected with.

I was a vat-born servant of the Five Founders. I was created to enhance their military strength and push back against the Plague.

But then, one day, it came for me. For all of us.

All of the vat-born on Kavos. We lived with a shroud of clouds covering our skies. Not literal clouds, but figurative ones, borne from our worry we might never climb the ranks to achieve greatness... worry that we might meet our end before our fated day arrived.

It was an ordinary day like any other. I was repairing the engine core of a B-Legion Crimson Interceptor when the alarm rang in my hangar bay. I raised my head, confused. Had a fire broken out? Was I in any danger?

The transmission array activated, and words streamed into my neural cortex feed.

_The Plague has made landfall on the world of Kavos. All personnel must evacuate and report to their designated star-post for decontamination and inspections. Failure to clear contamination will result in your biological expungement._

My blood froze. My body seized up. Terror swept through my veins.

It all happened so fast. Before I knew what was happening, hundreds of people swarmed into my hangar. They clambered for any available ship. They stuffed themselves onto vessels to the point it exceeded their weight capacity and they could not take off.

As for me, I made a split-second decision. I jumped into the interceptor I was repairing and took flight, ignoring any potential engine issues that might arise.

I lifted off, and as I flew toward the hangar's exit point, I began to hear screams.

Terrified, I looked down. I saw the writhing mass tearing into the crowd.

Green skin. Mottled eyes. Mucus covering every inch of its body. It was a Plagueborn. It grabbed anyone within range and bit onto them, ripping out chunks of their flesh before throwing them back to the floor.

It did not hunger. It did not consume for the sake of pursuing nutrients.

It merely... assimilated.

Even a hundred feet in the air, I could clearly see what that creature's true intention was. It was neither mindless, nor intelligent. It attacked anything that drew too close, but its strikes were also targeted and precise.

It came with a goal... and that realization frightened me.

I ignited my boosters and raced out of the hangar. Not ten micro-time-units later, a torrent of Plagueborn surged toward that hangar from outside, pursuing the Volgrim who had fled to it in the hopes of saving themselves.

As my gaze swept into the distance, I saw for myself the truth of the matter. Flames burned, and smoke rose into the sky. In less than a day, all of our lives crumbled to nothing.

A world of twenty billion loyal Volgrim... and I was one of only two hundred thousand who survived.

I no longer seek glory, or fame, or fortune. I seek only the survival of my species.

These juniors, they still hope that we might defeat the Plague. But I have long lost my hope. The Plague is invincible. It is a wave of devastation which no wall can block.

I must do what I can to save even a sliver of my people... but I fear that in the end, all my efforts will come to nothing.

---

As Hope pulls back from that Technopath's memories, he shivers involuntarily. He imagines himself in their place, fighting for his very survival against a monstrous, primal, animalistic enemy. In his heart, he isn't sure what his courage would amount to if he didn't possess the powers of a Wordsmith.

_Kavos._ Hope thinks, shaking his head. _A tragic loss. Just like Sharmur and the rest. I have to ensure I possess enough power to protect humanity! It's not about my personal ambitions, or possessing a title of power... it's about the survival of my species!_

He remembers all the discussions he and Neil have had over the years. The talks of humans versus demons. Which species is better. Why humans deserve their rise to glory...

But it's only now, when he sees the personal recollections of this random Technopath, a single survivor of an atrocity among hundreds of thousands of others, a speck of a speck... that he realizes he hasn't been broad-minded enough.

_It's about survival. The right to exist. Not about supremacy, or conquering the weak. There is no joy in genocide. There are no winners. It only spreads hatred and pain._

He sits in the corner of that dark room and ponders quietly to himself, as the Hatoraxia's engines hum to life and it lifts off Tarus II's surface.

_When did I change? When did I stop thinking like Jason and become so cold, so callous? Is it true that demons are the enemy? They've committed atrocities... but they aren't entirely a sterile, unfeeling species. Not like the Plague._

_The Plague is humanity's true enemy. The demons are... evil. But they can be cowed. Threatened. Coerced into acting morally. At least on a temporary basis._

_But the Kolvaxians are different. They exist only to consume and conquer. If all of our species don't unite to stop them, what will be left of us? We'll simply become a horde of mindless, rampaging zombies._

Hope glances to the side, where he gazes out of a window into space. Already, the Hatoraxia has reached orbit, and from his position, Hope can barely make out the fading image of Tarus II. As the Hatoraxia pulls away, the planet's cloaking field seals up, hiding Tarus II from view. It disappears, leaving behind a seemingly empty void in space.

_If the Kolvaxians succeed, Tarus II will fall. Humanity will fall. It will be as if we never existed at all..._