Part 378: Cube World

It doesn't take long for Phoebe and Amelia to travel away from the Fortress of Retribution's upper plateau. They leave through the western ramp, then make their way past all the newly constructed houses and apartment complexes, wandering through surprisingly tidy little neighborhoods with lots of other people also walking the streets. Already, a simple mass transit system has taken hold, thanks to a few dozen buses built earlier in the week.

Even with buses available, space on them is hard to come by. With tens of millions of people in the city, every bus is always packed as they ferry people from the city center to any of the other four cardinal directions. Once reaching their destinations, they can depart and travel on foot anywhere else they need to go.

Still, the two women take the scenic route. It takes them about an hour to reach the northern military base, where they finally encounter a large, heavily fortified base built out of demonstone and Wordsmith-fortified exosteel. Even if a nuclear bomb were to detonate, this particular base would survive the explosion, along with up to five million citizens. Its underground areas, having been hollowed out and reinforced by goblins, offer plenty of room, if not comfort, for people to huddle down in the event of another Beelzebub-type emergency.

When Phoebe arrives at the walls surrounding the military base, she flashes her ID to one of the guards. They allow her in, but one of the guards gazes with muted hostility at Amelia.

After they enter, Amelia glances backward, then reorients her gaze to the front.

"Problem?" Phoebe asks.

"You didn't notice?" Amelia asks.

"Notice what?"

"...Nothing."

Amelia shakes her head, slightly dismayed. Invisible question marks pop up over Phoebe's head, but she doesn't press the issue.

They head deeper into the compound, traveling past two-story buildings, warehouses, and ammunition depots on their left and right. As they walk, Phoebe and Amelia pass by hundreds of troopers, all of them decked out in active T-REXs. Some of the soldiers swivel their heads in the women's general direction, but upon seeing Phoebe, or perhaps even Amelia, they look away a moment later.

"Excuse me," Phoebe says to a passing trooper. "Where is Fiona?"

"Miss Hiro!" The man says, snapping to attention with a brisk salute. "Miss Fiona is presently working with Lady Blinker on that... special array. The one you-"

"That one. I understand." Phoebe says, nodding along to his words. "Thank you."

"Anytime, ma'am."

The man continues on with his day, while Amelia shoots a curious glance at Phoebe.

"What's this about a 'formation'?"

"Well. Blinker is a fairy." Phoebe says. "Fairies specialize in 'formation magic.' As such, we have her working on all sorts of top secret projects."

"Should I have access?" Amelia asks.

"If I say you can see something, you can see it." Phoebe answers, lightly patting the former Black Queen's shoulder. "No worries."

"Alright. If you say so..."

Phoebe leads Amelia into one of the base's central facilities, a convex dome painted black like the night, with blacked-out windows made from two-foot-thick exoglass. Impossible to see inside, but very easy to see outside, the dome is the base's most important structure.

After they step inside, Amelia finds herself amidst more than thirty desks with computers and laptops whirring quietly. Two hundred high-level personnel mill about in the well-lit interior, as blue lights above shine down, giving everything and everyone a sapphire-like hue.

At the center of the room, there is a circular staircase that goes downwards, into the depths of the facility's secret underground area. As Phoebe leads Amelia toward it, several of the personnel, those not wearing exosuits, shoot sidelong glances at Amelia.

Their expressions are anything but pleasant.

Amelia fidgets with her fingers as she descends the staircase. With Phoebe in front, leading the way, she doesn't notice the look of discomfort on Amelia's face.

"...Maybe I shouldn't be down here." Amelia repeats. "Phoebe, don't you feel like... like the people here are looking at me funny?"

Phoebe glances backward. "Huh? They are?"

She continues walking, but a thoughtful expression plays on her face.

"I guess that makes sense. I mean... you _are_ the Black Queen. At the very least, you look like her. Amelia never was popular among the humans, especially the survivors of the worlds she... ravaged. Some of them are here with us now. They probably have talked about you to the others... so you'll have quite a bad reputation."

Amelia nods glumly. "Yeah. That makes sense."

After descending a hundred feet into the planet's depths, the spiral staircase opens up into a wide hallway with a few doors on each wall, and further up the hallway, multiple corridors branch off to the right and left. Faint sounds trickle into Phoebe and Amelia's ears from the distance, but as for what they could be, Amelia has no idea.

As if guided by a beacon, Phoebe beelines toward those distant sounds. She walks up the corridor, passing by several humans in military uniform, but none of them wearing currently active T-REX's. One thing Amelia can't help but notice is the complete absence of any monsters or demons in this region. Only humans travel around in this restricted zone.

The floors, made of stained black granite, shine and gleam as if polished only ten minutes before. The cream-colored walls appear to be made of reinforced dirt, but also strains of marble put in with random patterns to liven up the decor.

As they walk, Phoebe and Amelia pass a large mural on the wall, one emblazoned with Jason and Hope's visages. The two men strike heroic poses, gazing off into the sunset, as if looking forward to a bright future for all of their friends and family.

To the right of their faces, large words sit emboldened on the walls, a declaration of intent sure to burn into the minds of any who lay their eyes on them.

**HUMANITY WILL REIGN SUPREME!**

Phoebe pauses as she walks past the mural. She glowers at those words for a moment before shaking her head and continuing forward.

"...Problem?" Amelia asks.

"Not exactly. Well, sort of." Phoebe answers, her tone unusually gruff. "That 'slogan' wasn't there yesterday. Neil's doing, no doubt..."

"It's a good slogan, though. Isn't it?" Amelia asks.

"It's not the goal Jason is pursuing." Phoebe explains. "Jason wants to forgive the old grievances and mend old wounds. In his ideal future, all of the species can live together, seeking mutual benefits without conflict. But this slogan... tsk. It reeks of Neil's human-first attitude. He's always hinting that monsters and demons must come second and third to humans..."

"And you disagree?" Amelia prompts.

"I'm a human." Phoebe says, turning her head to look at Amelia while the two of them walk. "Obviously, if I have to pick between my species or the others, I'll pick humanity's survival every time. But I have many friends among the monsters and demons. I understand Neil's point of view, but Jason is my husband, and I'll always support him. If he wants to make a utopia where all the species live together in harmony, then I'll damn well do what I can to make it happen."

"Are you going to have that slogan blotted out, then?" Amelia asks.

"If only things were that simple." Phoebe says through gritted teeth. "Jason is popular. But so is Neil. So is Hope. Most of the civilian populace favors Jason. Especially the huge numbers of recently rescued slaves from the Seven Hells. But the military favors Neil. Publicly, they will always speak out in favor of Jason's orders. But in private... tsk. Let's just say there are a lot of bitter and angry soldiers who aren't keen about playing house with the demons."

"Can you blame them?" Amelia asks. "Beelzebub... he killed a lot of people. He wasn't the only demon murderer during Stormbringer, either. The hatred for demonkind runs deep."

Phoebe stops walking. She halts abruptly and swivels to face Amelia.

"Of course I can't blame them! How could I?! There are days when my own hatred is so overwhelming, and so all-consuming, I can barely control myself! The demons MURDERED my little girl! They killed Kar! They killed millions of innocent men, women, and children too! It's not like I can just smile and grit my teeth with no consequences. Every goddamn day, I see things that remind me of all the people I've lost. And I know that if I think these thoughts, then so do all the others who survived Stormbringer..."

Phoebe sucks in a huge breath. Her chest heaves with frustration as she fights back tears.

"That slogan isn't just a bunch of words on a wall. It's an idea! And frankly, it's an idea that would tempt any Stormbringer survivor. If Jason wasn't so stubborn with his ideals, I'd have surely broken down and joined Neil's side, and without hesitation! But for Jason's sake, I have to try and be better, every single day! I have to remember what we're fighting for, and that hatred only begets more hatred."

Amelia's expression becomes solemn. She listens patiently with her hands folded in front of her waist while Phoebe rants. When the Hero's wife finishes, Amelia slowly nods.

"It's been... hard on you."

Phoebe's shoulders sag. A deep weariness momentarily takes over her mind, making her close her eyes and sigh in exasperation.

"It has. Every day is a struggle... you're actually... the first person I've told about all of this."

Amelia leans against the wall behind her. "You haven't told Jason? I thought you didn't keep anything from each other."

"We don't. I'm not exactly hiding anything... I'm just... I don't want to put too much on his plate. Ever since Daisy's death, he's become more steeled and resolute, but I can hear the words he doesn't say out loud. He blames himself for what happened to her. If I were to unload on him, he'd feel so guilty, he'd insist on taking over all the work. And if he did, I'd feel so incredibly guilty myself..."

"Hope and I don't talk all that much." Amelia says, lowering her eyes to the floor. She traces a circle on the smooth granite with her toe. "Especially not since his return. He's always gone, off doing something. Now he's in Hell, looking for a couple of Demon Emperors. I wish I could talk to him, but he's just not available."

Phoebe chuckles. "We women have our own problems."

"Yeah. We do." Amelia replies, a smile playing on the corner of her lips.

"Well. Let's keep going. I still have a lot to show you." Phoebe says, gesturing forward. "We're almost there."

Amelia nods. She falls into place beside Phoebe, and the two of them walk toward a large pair of steel doors. The distant sounds become more audible the closer they draw, until Amelia can finally make out the sounds of combat.

Phoebe pushes open the doors. Immediately, Amelia freezes on the spot, visibly bewildered.

"What the hell? Did we step into a parallel universe?"

"Not quite." Phoebe says, smiling at Amelia. "But something like that."

A large ramp descends downward into a huge underground jungle. The sounds of gunfire and shouting ring out, and through the dense underbrush, Amelia can just barely make out distant movements of human soldiers.

The underground space is vast, far bigger than Amelia can comprehend. At a glance, it appears to be a self-contained world, and even sunlight streams down from the 'sky' above.

That detail makes Amelia blink her eyes in confusion.

_Wait, sky? Why would there be a sky underground? And why does it appear so vivid and realistic? Did we walk through a warpgate to another world?_

Gunfire rings out in the foliage. The roar of a primal beast causes the trees and plant-life to shake, even making Amelia flinch.

"Where the heck are we?" Amelia asks, directing her attention to Phoebe.

"This is a Special Training Zone." Phoebe answers. "It's one of many. As for where we are... you might not believe me, even if I told you."

"Try me." Amelia says.

The Wordsmith's wife looks at Amelia and chuckles. "We're inside... a cube!"

"A cube?"

"Yes. Jason discovered a super-massive, ultra powerful artifact belonging to an ancient Archangel. Camael, to be exact. The Cube's existence is top-secret. Only humanity's leaders know about it. When we stepped through the doorway, we traveled across space to enter the Cube's confines. As for this jungle before us... it's real. The Cube is bigger than you can imagine. You could fit Tarus II's entire surface area inside of it... ten thousand times over. It's so enormous, you can't possibly wrap your head around its size."

"I... I had no idea humanity had obtained such a potent artifact." Amelia says in amazement. "And right now, we're not even on Tarus II anymore?"

"That's right." Phoebe smiles. "Not only that, but this inner space is... special. You probably can't tell, but there's a time enchantment active. Three minutes in here is only one minute back in the Milky Way's temporal timeline. This allows our soldiers to train three times faster than the monsters and demons on Tarus II."

Phoebe gazes into the jungle. "It's humanity's secret weapon."

"Then... do these soldiers know they aren't on Tarus II anymore?" Amelia asks.

"No. As a famous Hero once said, before you can deceive your enemies, you must first deceive yourself. The soldiers here only believe this is a special underground space. As for the sounds we heard while we approached this place, those were... fake. We have special recordings that play sounds heard inside of here out in the hallways to give the illusion that this training zone lays beneath Tarus II's surface. No doubt, some of the clever soldiers have realized something is 'off,' but they won't be able to easily uncover this training area's secrets."

Phoebe gestures behind herself, at the doorway she and Amelia just walked through. Amelia follows her gaze, and finds that the entrance and exit to this area appear completely normal. She can still see the hallway outside, and nothing looks to be out of the ordinary.

"But... how can anyone look at a jungle this huge and a sky like that, but not think they've traveled to another world?" Amelia asks.

"Fairy magic." Phoebe says. "That's what we tell all the soldiers we bring here. Officially, this training area is an illusory formation created by Blinker. That's why the sky appears so real and the creatures our soldiers fight are so lifelike. Of course, Blinker could create a training area with similar attributes, but the size wouldn't be at this level."

"What about the other training zones?" Amelia asks.

"We have several environments to choose from. This is a jungle, but there's also an urban environment, a shattered-urban environment for simulating bombed-out areas, a world of fire, an aquatic biome... and we'll be adding more soon."

Seeing the look of disbelief on Amelia's face, Phoebe wryly smiles. "If you think these environments take up a lot of the Cube's space, let me tell you... we haven't even used up a millionth of a percent of its interior! The Cube is humanity's refuge, should the worst come to pass. Over time, we'll be converting it into a place where humans can live and thrive, outside of the Volgrim's grasp."

Amelia frowns. "You say it's for humans... but what about monsters and demons?"

"Well..."

Phoebe's expression becomes downcast.

"...Right now, they're not in the cards. Neil has a lot of pull with this operation. Outwardly, he only wants to build military training depots, but soon he'll be creating living spaces that rival or are even superior to those on Tarus II. I don't doubt he wants to secretly divert people to live in the Cube. With the time differential, humans will reproduce and expand our numbers three times faster than in the outer universe."

"That is indeed... a little sinister." Amelia says. "Why not talk him out of it, then?"

Phoebe hesitates. "Well... that's because... I don't exactly disagree with him."

"Mmm. His idea does have a lot of merits..." Amelia says slowly, a frown playing upon her face. "There are only sixty-three million humans in existence. All of them are on Tarus II. If a plague were to strike, or another mass extinction event, or god-forbid a Beelzebub-event, humanity could go extinct. It wouldn't be smart to put all your eggs in one basket."

That's right." Phoebe nods. "If we were to put ten million humans in the Cube, it would only take six years for babies to grow up and reach the age of eighteen. Then they could have children. And those children would have children. For every one generation that grows up and reproduces on Tarus II, three would grow up on the Cube. As you can imagine, with humans also no longer dying of old age, our population would explode. We would make a numerical resurgence at a speed that might shock you."

Amelia glances out at the underground jungle.

"And it all starts with this training area..." She mutters. "But I do have a question. You said before that Blinker was involved. If this place isn't an illusion, then what does she... do?"

"Oh. That's easy." Phoebe laughs. "Her work is actually quite simple, at least on the surface. See the doorway behind us? That's all Blinker."

"I don't follow." Amelia says.

Phoebe walks back to the doorway at the top of the ramp. She steps inside and outside of it, walking back and forth while smiling at Amelia.

"See how seamless the transition is? In truth, traveling from normal space to a time-accelerated temporality would put a tremendous burden on the body. However, Blinker laid a formation at the entrance that perfectly bridges the gap from 1x Temporality to 3x Temporality. The further you travel into the jungle, the faster your state of existence will become. Likewise, if you draw back toward the doorway, your existence will slow down, merging back into ordinary-space. Also, to travel from a planet to the Cube, located in another dimension tens of thousands of miles distant from Tarus II... I'm sure you can imagine the difficulty of setting up such a spatial transfer."

Amelia nods. "Even when walking through the Warpgates, my body shudders a little. The transition isn't nearly as smooth as walking through this doorway..."

"We call that 'Spatial Shock.'" Phoebe explains. "It's just like Temporal Shock, but for space instead of time. Blinker's formations bridge that gap."

Phoebe clears her throat. "Anyway. Now that we've gotten all the technical stuff out of the way, let's actually get down to the reason I brought you here. Blinker should be here, in this jungle. When she isn't setting up fancy-shmancy spatial-temporal doorways to extradimensional vacation and training areas, she's usually here, helping to train our troops."

The Wordsmith's wife pauses for a moment. Her smile fades.

"As for why Blinker works so diligently, I'm sure you can fathom the reason. Her husband was killed by the demons. She gets along fine with Samantha and a few others... but realistically, she's more on Neil's side than Jason's. She wants humanity to become more powerful, that way she can beat the hell out of Mephisto and recover Kar's body and soul. There's still a chance we might be able to save him, after all."

"Do you think she'll be interested in my idea?" Amelia asks. "For an inter-species training simulator, I mean."

"Oh, I don't doubt she will." Phoebe nods. "One big constraint we face with these Cube-biomes is that the losses and injuries are... realistic. Too much so. If you die in the jungle, you're dead for good. It's great for our elites, but a bit too much for the newer recruits or the mentally unsteady. Your idea would allow us to craft training sims where people's lives aren't on the line and they can fight to the death. Further, if we can incorporate spirituality into the sims..."

Phoebe's gaze deepens as she gazes out at the jungle.

"...I'm excited for the potential. Humanity needs a leg up. Our enemies are ancient, entrenched, and willing to murder us if we slip up even in the slightest. Things are going well lately, but how long will that last?"

"Do you believe Jason can make a utopia where all the species peacefully coexist?" Amelia asks.

"If I'm being honest? I don't." Phoebe answers, turning back to the other woman. "But even if I don't think it can happen, that doesn't mean I don't want to _try_ to make it happen."

"And yet you still quietly support Neil's projects." Amelia says, nodding slowly. "You're... hedging your bets? Just in case?"

"Yeah. I can't take a risk involving my entire species." Phoebe says bitterly. "Especially not now that I'm... pregnant. My baby's future depends on humanity's survival. I've already lost one child. I can't bear to lose another."

"You're pregnant?" Amelia asks. "Well... congratulations?"

"Thanks. I haven't told anyone but you, Jason, and Samantha. I hope you'll keep it quiet for now."

"No problem. I won't tell a soul." Amelia says, smiling sweetly. "Now, regarding Blinker. Can you take me to see her?"

Phoebe nods. "Sure. Just follow me."

"Alright."