Part 700: Unarin's Obstinance

_Far-Future Era. Day 20, AJR. Noon, Volgarius._

By all accounts, Unarin was not having a good day. Or a good week, or a good month, or frankly not even a particularly good decade.

Things were not going his way. The Volgrim had all but lost their right to call themselves the galaxy's ruler. With the reveal of the Apex Cosmic known as Dolgris, it did at least seem that a chance to defeat the Plague, albeit at a high personal cost, had landed in Unarin's lap.

Naturally, Unarin was fine with not being the strongest entity in his Empire. He previously had employed Dosena as his primary enforcer, so nominally keeping his title as First Founder while 'somewhat' answering to Dolgris was just fine by him. If anything, it was a big upgrade, since Dolgris appeared to be far stronger than Dosena.

But then Auger showed up, and the news he brought was just about as bad, if not worse, than much of the already bad news Unarin had heard many times of late.

"...So, that is essentially the situation." Auger concluded, his Astral Body seated in a chair before a small round table within Unarin's Sanctum. "We are not fighting a crudely intelligent super bio-mass, but an army controlled and coordinated by Archangels Uzziel and Raphael. It is also possible the remaining Archangels may join them, perhaps willingly, or perhaps unwillingly. I daresay this changes everything."

Unarin sat on the opposite side of the table. His expression was completely neutral. He appeared as unbothered as if Auger had just told him there was a chance of rain later in the afternoon.

Unarin lifted a tasteful golden glass to his lips, one made by goblin artisans that featured a skull motif of some animal from their homeworld. He took a strangely long, silent sip of a rare wine from some unknown world while looking off into the distance.

"Hmm." Unarin grunted.

Auger stared at him for a few moments.

"_Hmm?_ Is that all you have to say?" Auger asked. "I do not wish to press you, but time is of the essence, Unarin. We need to come up with a counter-measure for the Plague."

Unarin took another long sip of wine. He set the cup down and exhaled quietly.

"You've made one minor error in your judgment, Auger." Unarin said.

When several seconds of silence passed but Unarin didn't elaborate, Auger blinked three times. He was secretly stunned by Unarin's seeming disinterest in this new revelation.

"Then please advise me." Auger said, feeling resentful at the way Unarin was blatantly dragging out his words. "What error?"

Unarin chuckled. "This changes nothing. Not for me or the Volgrim, anyway. I already hypothesized that the Plague was being controlled by a central entity a long time ago. The thought the angels might be involved even crossed my mind, but I only thought there was a small chance of that being true. It seems even I didn't give Raphael enough credit. The old bat's schemes run deep."

"I see. But how does this 'not change anything'?" Auger asked. "It seems to me that we're about to imminently experience a complete collapse! We have to move quickly and find an exit strategy before the Kolvaxians move en-masse!"

Unarin leaned back in his chair. He sighed and looked up at the ceiling, admiring the detailed and intricate murals that had been hand-drawn by some of the finest creatures from across the galaxy. He always enjoyed looking up at them, scrutinizing their intricate linework and the depictions of various fantastical battles of fictitious and historical renown.

"Oh, Auger..." Unarin said softly. "When I say that I have long anticipated a revelation such as this, I mean that I have already factored it into my contingency plans. You may think the Volgrim Empire is helpless without our Psions, and the destruction across Volgarius certainly seems extreme, but in truth I long ago factored in the possibility of a complete collapse among the Psionic ranks. The fact Dosena still lives and will recover her power bodes well for us, and we still have a small handful of elites, such as Confessor Vulpanix."

"In truth," Unarin continued, "the current situation is better than I anticipated. Our enemy is an angel, a veritable past ally of humankind. She is vicious and unscrupulous. She is intelligent and driven by motivations of the personal kind. At the same time, her brother aims to become this galaxy's Ruler. In my eyes, he is not my enemy. I am quite fine with taking orders from Ruler Raphael. Where there is intelligence among my enemies, there is room to barter."

Auger stared at Unarin as if he were an idiot.

"Barter? What need has he to barter with the likes of you? If Uzziel infests the bodies of your people, she will gain all their knowledge and abilities! She can simply take what she wants by force!"

Unarin snapped his eyes downward to meet Auger's gaze.

"_Oh really? Can she?_"

Auger's words caught in his throat. He, a legendary Middle Cosmic, revered among the demons and considered a wise sage by many of his people, became dumbstruck when Unarin suddenly gave that that strange, knowing look.

"Y-yes..." Auger said hesitantly. "That's... that is the point of all this. She is taking our bodies and using them for her own gain... just look at your infested Executors!"

Unarin lifted his body up and leaned forward, resting his elbows on the table. He gave Auger a knowing smile.

"If that is the case, dear Auger, then where are the ships?"

Auger became truly tongue-tied.

"The... the ships...?" He asked, uncomprehendingly.

"Yes. The ships. The spaceships. Void-traversing weapons of war based on Volgrim design." Unarin said in a tone that was somewhat mocking of his much more powerful peer across the table. "If Uzziel can take control of all the knowledge within the heads of my people, then why hasn't she built an armada capable of traveling the stars, crushing us all under the guns of Armageddon, and rendering us too fearful to fight back? Don't tell me you haven't thought of this matter."

Auger snapped back to attention. "You assume she doesn't have them! She could be hiding millions of them across the worlds long-ago-lost to the Plague, waiting for this day to arrive!

Unarin smiled smugly. He shook his head.

"She's not. Of that, I'm certain. Either Uzziel does not wish to build ships because of some foolish aversion to technology, or she simply cannot. The first indicates another personality flaw I _could_ use to my advantage. The second represents a core failing I will _absolutely_ use to my advantage."

"You don't know that! You're guessing!" Auger shouted.

"Oh, but I do know it for a fact." Unarin immediately countered. "She has not built one ship across all of the worlds the Plague has taken. I can promise you this with 100% certainty."

"That's impossible. There's no way you could know." Auger repeated, more firmly than before.

Unarin shrugged. He leaned back in his chair and fanned out his finger to examine his nails.

"I have my sources. Believe what you will."

Auger scoffed. He couldn't believe what he was hearing. "You're willing to bet the future of the Volgrim, the Demons, and the Humans, as well as all the other Sentients of our galaxy, on this hunch? Even if you truly are correct, so what? Her Kolvaxians all possess the powers of Psions! They can fly through the Void unobstructed. They have bodies harder than the armor on most of your ships. They possess awe-inspiring telekinetic powers that can rip through any defense. She doesn't NEED to build machines of war!"

"Ah, you forgot a few." Unarin said casually. "She also has the powers of various Demon Emperors at her command, along with whatever abilities the angels and Archangels possess. You're not giving her enough credit."

Auger wanted to rip his hair out. "Confound you, Unarin! Even if all of that is correct... so what?! Do you really think your measly forces can offer her something she cares about? Do you think you can bedevil this monstress with that silver tongue of yours?!"

"Why not?" Unarin asked. "It seems to have worked on you."

Silence fell.

Auger stared at Unarin, his mouth half-agape. He realized he'd been verbally bested, and the damnedest thing was, he wasn't entirely certain where he went wrong!

"Do you... truly think... you can bargain your way out of this?" Auger finally asked. "Become the lapdog of some creature hellbent on devouring the galaxy?"

"Perhaps." Unarin conceded, sagging into his chair. "And if that fails, I still have a few fallback options remaining. My contingencies are not entirely used up."

A light dinged on the wall, and a soft alarm tone played once. Unarin glanced at it.

"Oh. It seems Demon Deity Melody has arrived." Unarin said. "Come in, then. Have some wine, if you like."

A phantasmal entity phased through the wall and arrived inside Unarin's Sanctum. Demon Deity Melody glowered at Auger, giving him an ugly expression filled with hate.

"Auger! You have some explaining to do!" Melody barked. "How dare you send Crow to my world to cause mayhem!"

"Crow?" Auger asked, stupefied by her unexpected verbal assault. He expected her to come here and speak of unification with Unarin, maybe change the First Founder's mind. Instead she was... throwing around strange accusations??

"What a good look of innocence!" Melody shouted, her very voice turning into a sonic attack that struck Auger's body and made his phantasmal form waver slightly. "She attacked two of the people on my world and murdered one of them! Don't tell me you don't know about this!"

Auger glanced at Unarin, then returned to his gaze to Melody. It was obvious he was completely bewildered.

Auger slowly stood up, but his body wasn't as tall or as muscular as Melody's. She was an absolutely massive woman, towering a full head over most. With his hunched posture, Auger seemed shorter than he really was, which didn't help the matter.

"Melody, there seems to have been a misunderstanding." Auger said carefully. "I swear in the name of the ancient demons that I have no knowledge of what you're talking about. Can you explain the matter to me in more detail? I promise you I would not risk a war between the demons and humans, especially after Barbatos's revelations! It doesn't benefit me at all."

"Would it benefit you if the one Crow came to kill was... the _last living angel_, hidden among my people?" Melody snarled.

"What? An angel?" Auger asked.

Even Unarin's eyes flickered with interest. A thought came to his mind regarding a soul stolen by Hope, the fragmented soul of Archangel Uzziel. It occurred to him now that this second soul might be living among the humans, somehow mixing in with them and secretly living an 'ordinary' life.

Could she, perhaps, be weaponized against her other self? It was a thought worth considering. But Unarin did not speak of this out loud.

"That's right. An angel!" Melody said with more righteous vigor than ever. Her aura flared to life, and her eyes lit up with power as she looked down upon the old man before her. While Auger was not exactly cowering, and he was definitely much more powerful than he seemed, it was clear that he was trying to defuse the situation rather than inflame tensions further.

"Again, Melody, I have no awareness of what you speak." Auger said. "If you would be so kind as to humor me, give me more details, I would be greatly appreciative."

In the face of Auger's relentlessly kind and servile tone, some of Melody's rage deflated. It was hard to maintain aggression in the face of calmness, so she reduced her rage to an angry glower.

"You really don't know?" Melody asked.

"I do not." Auger affirmed.

"For what it's worth, I believe Auger." Unarin chimed in. "And you should know... I'm _quite_ good at reading people."

Melody glanced at Unarin. Her expression turned to a frown. Unarin was well-known for his ability to see through other Sentients, so she found his words believable.

"Fine! I'll explain it then!" Melody snapped, returning her attention to Auger. "A short while ago, Belial was taken to heal Barbatos. At some point, Vespera must have noticed the Heaven's Shroud concealing the angel on Sharmur, and that information was relayed to Crow, who has a long-held vendetta against this particular angel."

Auger blinked. "May I ask... who? What angel are you referring to?"

Melody hesitated. Now that it had come to this, if she didn't tell Auger the name, he would surely find out anyway. She didn't want to expose Cassiel's identity, but it seemed the time for secrecy was over.

"...We call her Cassiel." Melody said. "But you might better know her as... the Daughter of Heaven! The strongest Lazarite."

Unarin blinked. For once, he was completely surprised. He had assumed she was Uzziel, reborn through Hope Hiro's magic, but it seemed that wasn't the case.

Then, with no other choice, Melody summarized how they found Cassiel trapped inside Gressil's chambers, tortured and beaten, and had concealed her existence for years.

"Heaven's Daughter." Auger said, stroking his long white beard contemplatively. "I see. She was the one who killed Red Raven. It's only natural Crow would want to murder her. Where is Crow now? I can deliver her to you to punish her as you see fit."

Melody looked at Auger blankly. "You don't even know that much? Crow is dead. Gressil killed her!"

"WHAT?!" Auger roared, his eyes widening in shock. "Gressil did?! But he's... how strong has he become?! This is- this is simply unthinkable! I can't believe he has the guts to kill one of my minions! No, never mind that... Crow was a powerful asset to the Seven Hells. But the fact she went incommunicado like that and attacked Sharmur without my knowledge is a stain that could have ended our future alliance."

Auger quickly bent his head into a bow. "Melody, I am truly sorry for what has transpired. I did not order Crow to act, and I had no knowledge it had happened. Even if I knew the last Lazarite was with you, do you really think I would be so stupid as to endanger our friendship over one mortal angel? She is not a Cosmic, and is of no threat to me."

Melody's eyes hardened again. "You really didn't order the attack? You swear on your life? Because I am going to investigate this matter, and if I find any discrepancies, I'll rip your fucking head off!"

"I swear on the name of Satan himself." Auger said, slapping his heart loudly. "Vespera certainly has something to do with this. You should speak to her next, and I will not inform her you are coming, nor will I communicate with her in any way until you've had your say."

Melody nodded.

"Fine!"

With that, the matter was defused. Unfortunately, Soleil was dead, but so was Crow, and both sides had tragically lost a powerful champion. It seemed unlikely Melody would be able to find anyone else to punish, aside from perhaps Vespera. She would definitely have words for her later, of course.

A few minutes passed. After cooling off, Melody and Auger walked over to sit at the table with Unarin. He smiled politely at the powerful demoness.

"Wine?"

"No thanks." Melody said blandly. "My Astral Body can't exactly drink it anyway."

"Ah. A shame." Unarin said, taking a swig of it immediately after. "I'll drink extra for both of you."

Melody glanced at him, then looked at Auger.

"Actually! I didn't only come here to possibly kick Auger's ass. As it just so happens, we might have a solution to the Plague problem."

Melody waved her hand and conjured a powerful barrier around the table in the hopes of eliminating any eavesdroppers. She already knew of the existence of the Spynet Sphere, but she didn't know if Raphael or others had set up something similar elsewhere.

Then, she explained the new Cube Plan to Auger and Unarin both. This was extra convenient because they were the leaders of their respective species.

Auger's eyes lit up. "Truly? You can preserve the power of Demon Deities by placing their star systems inside the Cube? This is a most fortuitous revelation! If you can do that, we can use the Cube's time dilation to quickly build up an army and use the Volgrim's technology to create war vessels to fight the Plague. Perhaps we might even uncover a method to Ascend further and create High or Apex Cosmics!"

Unarin was not as easily impressed. "Once you start teleporting worlds inside the Cube, it won't take long for Uzziel, or more likely Raphael, to notice what you've done. The disappearance of a solar mass is quite noticeable to high level Cosmics, as their power is subtly linked to the state of their home galaxy. Even more so for a super-organism like Uzziel, whose Plague has infested so many worlds around the Milky Way."

"We know." Melody said. "We've already considered this. In the worst case scenario, we may only be able to steal a single solar system before Uzziel goes on the offensive, infesting worlds before we arrive. We'd be placing planets inside the Cube, pre-infested, allowing a future catastrophe to emerge. As such, we're thinking of only placing one star system inside."

She paused.

"As much as I would like to preserve my life and power, Sharmur may not be the ideal system. Unarin, we were thinking of putting the Volgrim home system inside the Cube."

Unarin looked at Melody. His gaze did not hold any particular interest or excitement.

"The Volgarian System?" Unarin asked. "Let me guess. Because of our powerful military might, our advanced technology, and other similar concerns?"

"Every planet in this system is highly developed, heavily populated, and worth preserving." Melody explained. "If we're going by the goal of saving as many lives as possible, your system is the obvious candidate. This, in spite of _what you did_ to Tarus II."

She glared evenly at Unarin. In that moment, her rage was even greater than what she had shown Auger earlier. It suddenly became tempting for her to reach over and slap Unarin to death. With one quick movement, she would instantly repay the Volgrim for all the humans they had killed! The Empire would likely collapse afterward, but that was a small price to pay for-

"Don't bother." Unarin said, interrupting Melody's thoughts. "Just preserve Sharmur and some other planets if you like. The Volgarian Home System will be fine as it is now."

Melody blinked. She looked at Unarin as if he were stupid. "What? You're saying... _no_? Just like that? You're not even going to mull it over??"

Unarin shrugged. "We'll be fine. If anything, this new revelation about Uzziel and Raphael has been some of the better news I've heard in a while. If we were facing some malevolent super-organism hivemind, I'd be a lot more worried. But an intelligent Archangel? One with thoughts and desires I might be able to exploit? I will be content to take my chances with her."

Melody looked dumbfounded. She genuinely could not believe Unarin would give up a shot at safety and refuge in order to flip a coin by battling his enemy's psyche.

Was he prideful? Arrogant? Stupid?

Maybe he was simply built different.

Melody shook her head with disapproval, but she didn't press the matter. "Unarin, if you will not take the precaution of moving your worlds to safety, may I suggest an alternative? Send humanity as many Technopaths as you can spare. We need to educate the humans and get them up to speed on your shipbuilding practices. If you won't do this to ensure the survival of your people, at least do it to uplift others and create an additional backup plan."

Auger nodded. "A sensible choice. I don't believe technology will be of much use against the Plagueborn, but every additional brick we can lay to build a stronger future is worth pursuing."

Unarin mulled this idea over.

"Well, assuming that I make headway and convince Uzziel to let the Volgrim Empire serve as her vassal, sending you all those Technopaths would make it seem as if I'm planning to betray her."

"That's assuming she discovers this backup ploy." Auger pointed out. "You don't have to send the Technopaths now, out in the open. You could... dispatch a few smaller vessels. Put a few of your mid-grade Technopaths on board, along with a bunch of lower grade ones. It won't be as effective as nabbing a Celestial Designer to assist the humans, but the benefit will still be quite decent, and will be a lot easier to explain as a ship 'going missing in the Void'. The devils know there are Great Void Beasts out there, devouring anything they can wrap their tentacles around."

Unarin smiled faintly. "Yes, I suppose that is a bit more palatable. I'll have Randis carefully dig up some names. But do be warned; I may not even send them to you unless the talks go poorly with the Archangels."

"In the meantime, we have these 'Cybernites' that have been helping us out." Melody said. "I don't know all the details, but they seem to be rather smart."

"Oh yes, Marie Becker's creations." Unarin said, his smile turning mysterious. "Those entities are certainly more than they seem. Frankly, with them on your side, I hardly think my Technopaths will amount to much. But then again, Marie Becker is lacking when it comes to shipbuilding and military doctrines. She's much better at creating weapons of war. My Technopaths might be able to shore up the spots her drones are not as talented in."

The three leaders spent another hour hashing out all the details. Eventually, Auger took his leave, followed by Melody. They bowed their heads and departed, leaving Unarin behind.

The First Founder tapped his finger on the table.

He stared ahead at nothing in particular, thinking a million thoughts a minute.

"Is it finally time?" He wondered quietly. "Time to unleash... the Blinding Light Protocol? Let's hope it doesn't come to that. I only have enough energy to do it once... I had _better_ make it count."