Part 034: The Sweet Life of Phoebe

I step out of my room and click the door behind me, adjusting my leather chest armor to a better angle. I don't need to wear it around the city, but I always feel exposed without its protection enveloping me.

Stepping outside, I look up into the sky and smile. Snow lightly sprinkles down on the environmental shield above. Thanks to Jason's Crown, I've made a device that stymies the weather from disturbing Tarus II's populace. With Jason gone, we've had to construct new buildings ourselves, and a few people still sleep in tightly packed lodges. At least with the environmental shield, they can sleep on a bench outside without freezing to death.

Saul has been helpful when it comes to planning out the city. It turns out he used to work for a Hero too, just like me! King Solomon, the sort of guy who liked to build big, fabulous things everywhere. I do find it interesting that Saul possesses the opposing tastes of his former king. He prefers drab uniform layouts for buildings. He despises flashy bling and jewelry and deliberately wears the same brown leather clothing every day.

"Oh, hello, Miss Berthold!" A woman yells out my name as I exit the palace. I glance at the building across the street and wave.

"Hi, Debra! Lovely weather out!"

She winks at me. "Oh, you! Haha."

Debra is Hans Wagner's assistant. She usually helps out at the factory. I don't know much about her, but she seems like a nice lady.

"I'm off to the Core. I'll see you later."

"You too, Miss Berthold."

As she enters the store across the street, I step out and head in the opposite direction, toward a newly constructed garage. My heart races with excitement as I spot my truck. _Oooh! I can't wait to go driving!_

I love driving. I was terrified the first time Jason threw me in his Fur-rawr-ree, but once he apologized, I realized speeding around was incredibly fun! I get to travel faster than a cheetah!

Walking into the garage, I glance past the row of buses toward my truck and wave. "Mister Ogie! Are you here today?"

"Ah! Dammit!" A gruff voice and the sound of a salamander striking his head on the underside of a bus makes me wince. "Dagnabbit, woman! You scared the daylights outta me!"

I glance down at the basket in my hand. "Oh, jeez! I'm sorry. I have these sweet rolls, and I just wanted to offer you one."

From the other side of the bus, the salamander freezes for a moment, then skitters around on his back legs, landing on his front with a thud as he screeches to a stop. "Ohh! Sweet Rolls! I love those! Why didn't ya say so, honey?"

Reaching into the basket, I pull one out and hand it to the ruby-colored lizard. "Here you go. I hope the mate and eggs are doing well."

Ogie's slit-eyes expand as he lunges his tongue forward and snatches the pastry from my grasp, wolfing the whole thing in one bite. "_Om-nom_. Oh, sacred saints! It's divine! Opening a shop next to you musta been the best decision of my life!"

"Second best," I say, chidingly. "Tell Jeera I said hello. I'm off to the Core to deliver these to our hardworking boys."

He stares longingly at my basket before shaking himself out of his stupor. "Oh, yeah, that reminds me! Truck's fixed. You did a number on the fender and the rear axle, but I got it all bent back into shape for ya. "

"Oh, sweetie, I knew you would." I lean down and give the top of his head a little kiss before walking over and climbing into my truck. "Thanks for all your hard work."

His scales turn violet as he blushes madly and rubs the spot where I kissed him. "Aw, shucks. Anything for you. Hardly any trouble at all. Just don't forget me when you bake something."

"I won't!"

My truck instantly turns on, and I slam the door shut. After waving goodbye to Ogie, I pull out of the garage and go on my way.

Buildings swish past, and pedestrians of varying backgrounds all look up and smile when they see me. My giant truck always turns heads. I wave at several people and monsters I recognize, beaming my happiest grin at a few patrolmen as well.

The situation in Hero City has improved dramatically over the last few months. Armed guards walk our streets, crime is almost nonexistent, and everyone lives in harmony. It's a dream come true.

I'm sometimes surprised by how little conflict we have. In the world I was born, humans attacked each other for the pettiest reasons. Brutal fights broke out in bars, men would rape the wives of their fellow man, and not even King Arthur, with all his heroic powers, could unite humanity for even a few moments at a time.

But Jason did. Whether intentionally or accidentally, he created a stable society, one we steadily seek to improve.

My smile fades. _How long will our peaceful coexistence last? Humans and monsters have hardly lived together for half a year. What if winter drains our stores and people grow desperate? What if a fight breaks out and someone says something vile, permanently damaging the community?_

Humans aren't stable creatures. We grow bored. We become restless. We seek adventure, expansion, and new horizons. Nothing lasts forever, in my opinion.

I smack my face several times. _No, Phoebe! Think positive thoughts! Stop with the pessimism!_

Driving down the cliffside and past the border wall for Hero City, I continue through the forest, which now has several huts sprinkled among the trees. Twenty minutes later, I pop out of the woodlands and zip past several military encampments near the warpgate. We've increased our fighting presence dramatically, and the environmental shields are nearly at a point where we can create a protective anti-snow bubble from Hero City all the way to the warpgate.

I slow to a stop as a male Kitsune, (a fox-man) jogs over to a barbed steel gate surrounding the portal. His uniform is pristine and ironed, with a little badge indicating his rank of Lieutenant. Neil's been sure to focus on military discipline a lot these days.

A uniformed human man appears at my window. "Good morning, Miss Berthold! Here on business?" He smiles, and I note that the gate is already cranking open for me.

"Oh no, not particularly, Henry. Say, have you been a good boy lately?"

His change in posture is hilarious! Henry snaps to attention and jerks his hand up to salute. "Yes, ma'am! Reporting for goodies! I mean duty!" I can almost see the drool building up in his mouth.

"Alright, I have two sweet-rolls. One for you, and one for Piper over there. He's always so quick with that gate!"

Piper, the Kitsune fox-man, woofs at me and waggles his tail excitedly. He can probably smell my treats from here. "Oooh, thank yooou Miss Berthooold! You're too goooood for us!" He howls and draws out a few of his words.

Kitsune's are a lot like minotaurs, in that they have fox heads and lower bodies, but human torsos. It allows them to grip weapons and guns with ease, while also giving them cute, pettable heads. I do have to wonder where these strange demihumans come from, since most of Bahamut's demonology books don't go into any detail on their origins.

Handing Henry the two goodies, I wave goodbye again and drive through the gate, up the ramp, and through the portal.

My excursions are well known, and once I arrive in the Core, I drive down into the arena and park my truck in a spot people have made for me. There's a little platform that spins, and it helps me turn around and face the right direction, so I don't have to back into the portal when I leave.

Poking my fingers in my ears, I yawn to make them pop, then jump out of the truck. The sound of heavy footsteps come thudding toward me, and a moment later, Kar pops into view, along with his little fairy assistant, Blinker.

"Hurgh. White-hair, I am always pleased to see you."

I nod politely, then dip into my basket. "Would you like a sweet roll, Kar?"

He shakes his head. "Butterfly insists I go on a diet. My sincerest apologies."

"Darn right I do! This fatty barely leaves the Core!" Blinker flutters around and lands on my shoulder. "I'm always on a diet, but I might cheat today! Can I have some?"

I nod, then tear off a small chunk of the roll. "Here you go."

Despite how small it is, Blinker can barely wrap her tiny arms around it. "Goodness! So generous! This will feed my entire extended family for the rest of winter."

I smile at the tiny woman. She's stunning, though one would only notice if they squinted carefully. Her long, red, flowing locks are the opposite of my short, straight hair. They bounce and curl all over the place. Even better is her taste in clothing. She wears a pretty green satin dress that adheres to her body and shows off her curves.

Blinker grunts and pants, as she flaps hard and flies over to land on Kar's shoulder. I can barely make out any details about her from this distance, but I'm certain she's sweating.

She puffs up her cheeks and glares at Kar. "Hey! Don't say it! I know what you're thinking!"

Kar's lip trembles as he holds in a chuckle. "Hu... huhu... I doubt I'm the only one who needs exercise."

"Kar!!" The fairy jumps to her feet and smacks his scaled face. "Jerk! Ass! I told you not to say anything!"

The Sphinx doesn't feel Blinker's slaps at all. Her body is physically weak, but her enchanting spells are quite formidable. If she went all out with her magic, I don't think Kar would remain unmoved.

...

An hour later, I plop down beside Neil at his office desk as he adjusts a monocle over his eye and squints to examine a piece of parchment. I don't like to pry, so I won't examine it closely. Knowing Neil, it's probably something related to the military.

A minute passes. Neil flicks his eyes up. "Yes, Phoebe?"

"Is that any way to talk to a friend?"

He smiles. "I'm just kidding. I thought you might pester me if I didn't say anything, but you have the patience of an owl."

"Well, that's one nice thing about me," I muse aloud. "I brought you a sweet roll. Last one!"

"Saving the best for last? Or did the good ones with icing already get picked?"

"Nope! I made sure you would get the drippingest wettest sweetest roll I baked."

Neil raises an eyebrow. "Miss Berthold. _Drippingest_ is not a word. What have I told you about inventing terms?"

"Umm, that it's quirky and cute?"

Neil smirks. "If God wanted that word to exist, he'd have created it."

"That's not how words work."

"Says the absent-minded peasant."

"To the stiff, uptight general."

I try not to laugh as Neil frowns at me. "I-I'm not uptight."

"Of course not. Eat your treat, Neil."

He shrugs, immediately disregards my playful poking, and snatches the roll from my hand. "Mmm. Remind me again why we don't enslave you and put you to work in the bakery all day long?"

"For the same reason that nobody challenges you to a swordfight."

"Because it's dangerous?"

"Because it's dangerous."

Another nod. Neil takes a considerable bite out of the roll and looks away for a moment. "So, are you doing okay, Phoebe?"

"Of course. Why do you ask?"

He takes another bite and chews for several moments before swallowing. "Well, Jason's been gone for two months. I know he occasionally calls and speaks to you with his Wordsmithing, but, surely you're-"

"Oh, Neil. That's sweet of you to wonder, but I'm fine. I'm not a little girl who needs a big strong man around to keep me from bursting into tears."

Slowly, Neil licks his lips, then fans his wavy brown hair further up his forehead. "Well, one of the men told me he saw you staring at a wall with a blank look on your face recently. I just thought... you know..."

"I'm fine, Neil. I was lost in thought, that's all."

"I see." Neil pauses before quickly throwing the rest of the roll in his mouth. _Three bites and it's gone, wow,_ I think to myself. _He's unstoppable._

I raise an eyebrow. "Is that all?"

"Yup. If you say you're fine, then you're fine." Neil smacks his hands together and brushes the crumbs off, then adjusts his ponytail. "Those mobile rice replicators were a good idea, Phoebe." He says, changing the subject. "I've heard that many of our soldiers love them. Fairly light on power consumption, too."

I nod. "The miniature fission reactors don't generate much power, but they were enough for my needs."

He continues, "Mind if I make a request, though? I've been thinking about developing a helmet that can see different bands of light. It'll help our exploration efforts immensely if we don't need flashlights."

My nose crinkles. "Mmm. A helmet? Okay. I'll ask Hans. I'll need a few more specifics, though."

From outside the office, an alarm blares. _Intruder detected at turret perimeter. Single demon. Rank: Lord. Threat level: Low. Deploying non-lethal countermeasures now._

Neil rolls his eyes. "They never stop trying, do they? How many times are the turrets going to wipe out a platoon of skeletons before the demons wise up?" He sighs, then grabs a paper out from under the one he was reading when I entered. As he pulls it free, I notice it's a drawing made in pen. "I sketched a mockup for Hans. It has the specifications I need for the helmet. Think you can get this to him?"

Slowly I nod. I can't understand the technical aspects, though if I were wearing Jason's Crown, I could. "The design looks simple enough. Shouldn't take more than a day to get a prototype working."

Neil blushes. "Thank you, Phoebe. You're an angel. Honestly, with how hard you work, always making new devices for us, delivering us sweets, visiting the wounded in the hospitals... you should take a vacation."

I flinch inwardly, surprising even myself. "N-no, Neil. That's fine. I like working hard."

Neil sighs. "Ahh, I knew it. C'mon, you can't lie to me. It's written all over your face. You're only working so hard because it takes your mind off Jason."

I shake my head quickly, feeling a tinge of panic as I try to come up with an excuse. "No, no, it's not that, Neil! It's... uh... it's..."

"It isn't that you miss him, right? It's that you're worried he'll get into trouble." Neil nods knowingly. "I understand. You have the same look my wife had before I left to fight in the war. She would always get that anxious look on... on her..." Neil trails off, and a ghostly expression passes over his face. "Though... I suppose she was right to worry."

The memory of what Bahamut took from him turn's Neil's pleasant expression into one of bitterness. "I can't ever see Melia again. Shit. I was worried about you, and now look at me."

Quickly, I reach over and rest my hand on his. "Don't feel bad, Neil. I know you care. That's all that matters to me. Let's drop it, okay?"

Neil uses his free hand and wipes a tear from his eye. "Yes, an excellent idea. Well, I ought to get back to work."

Outside, the alarm blares again. _Intruder detected at turret perimeter. Single demon. Rank: Lord. Status: Continuing to engage defensive perimeter. Requesting permission to deploy lethal countermeasures.._

"Ugh," Neil groans. "That fella is a persistent one. I might as well escort you to your truck and see what all the fuss-"

**BOOM!**

A terrific explosion shakes our room, causing the two of us to jump in fright and gasp involuntarily.

"What in the name of God was-" Neil doesn't finish his sentence, instead opting to jump out of his seat. "Ph-Phoebe! Are you all right?"

I nod, my heart racing. "Yes! Let's check on the soldiers!"

By the time we make it to the doorway, the sound of blaster fire and screams of anguish rush to our ears. I gawk and stare as a single demon stands by himself, the Great Doors thrown open, and blasts waves of fire from his palms into the crowd of panicked monsters and humans.

"B-battle stations!" Neil yells. "Form a line! He's using flame abilities! Get the hoses- gwaugh!" A jet of flame races at us, causing Neil to leap back and shove me inside his office. The fire barely nicks his back. He lands on top of me, accidentally slamming his elbow into my stomach and knocking the wind out of me.

Kahk!" I gasp, unable to breathe.

"Phoebe! Oh god, Phoebe! I'm sorr- shit!" Neil leaps to his feet, quickly confirming my injury is anything but fatal. 

I croak out, "Guh-go! Lee-heeeave me!"

Neil nods and dashes out the entrance, while I roll around and writhe on the floor, gasping for breath.

All the while, the screams of my friends turning to ash fill me with rage.