Part 428: Secret Experiments

Sangin Lidra finishes her meeting with the leaders of Clans Victor and Hadron. After they depart, she remains in the office for a moment, deep in thought. Her eyes idly glide around the empty room while she thinks.

_The Plague continues its advance. I have my tentacles full juggling fifteen different red-level tasks, but these worthless sub-clans can't even innovate more than a single-digit percent. Ridiculous. The standards for clans have dropped substantially in the last few million cycles._

She hovers two feet off the ground, lost in thought, while her expression flickers between annoyance and discomfort.

_How many cycles can we truly last? All of our predictions hang optimistically on the idea that the Plague will not evolve further. But we know it will! These Kolvaxians have already begun to inefficiently harness Psionic abilities. What happens when they discover how to unleash the full power of Executors Huron and Sartran's power? All those predictions will shorten even further!_

_In truth... we might only have a few orbital cycles left. And that's assuming the Threat is not deliberately toying with us to lengthen our despair? I cannot shake the feeling that this invasion of our galaxy has a deeper intent behind it._

Lidra suddenly stiffens in her seat. A cold chill washes down her back as she whips her head around the room. Reflexively, she presses a button on her chair-module to call for guards.

"Who is there?! Show yourself!"

She looks around, feeling a sensation tickle the back of her neck, one which quickly vanishes. Unsure what just happened, Lidra spins around, scanning every inch of the room. Her iris modules switch to scanning all the known spectrums of light, and she even activates a Psionic Detection Node, but doesn't notice anything strange.

The door to the room swivels open, and eight heavily armed Technopaths outfitted for melee and ranged combat charge into the room.

"Clan leader! Where is the intruder?"

Lidra frowns deeply. "I am not certain. Perhaps it was nothing but... just to be sure, conduct a thorough sweep of the whole facility. We might have a rogue Psion peeping on us."

"At once!" The commanding guard says. He transmits a series of orders to his subordinates in the facility, commanding them to sweep the premises.

An hour later, the results come up negative. Slightly disappointed, but also a little unnerved, Lidra commands the guards to follow her, just in case.

_Was it only my imagination?_ She wonders. _Maybe I'm too jumpy._

She makes her way up through the underground facility's lower levels, passing through various black-box sites and inspecting the work of her direct subordinates while also glancing at information related to less important projects further down the pipeline.

As the leader of Clan Oblong, her faction's motto is quite simple. 

_Beauty is useless. Maximum value is what we must pursue._

Oblong focuses heavily on making weapons and technology as efficient as possible. They seek a 'perfect balance,' neither trying to miniaturize their devices to an absurd level, nor trying to cut costs beyond what is reasonable. While subjective, their internal barometers for 'efficiency' have been fine-tuned over eons, allowing them to assign all sorts of relevant metrics to their technology, and those of their competitors.

There is only one universal constant that Oblong knows to be true: It does not matter how attractive a device looks, nor how sleek a spaceship might be. The only thing that matters is its raw capabilities. This once caused many upper-class Volgrim to sneer at them, but everything changed when the Kolvaxians attacked.

Long ago, before the Energy Wars, Clan Oblong was not considered a powerhouse in Volgrim society. With no natural enemies aside from their relatively mild inter-faction wars, the other Technopaths mainly constructed technology for vanity purposes, only iterating in big ways if they happened to stumble upon a particularly novel solution to a long-standing problem.

But after the Threat emerged, their society began to experience tremendous upheavals.

Now, Clan Oblong finds itself rising to the top, approaching the prestigious heights Clan Dyna has always held.

This causes its leader, Sangin Lidra, to feel a swelling of pride in her chest.

_Vanity is for the foolish. Gaudiness is a waste of resources. It is only when hard times come that other realize how essential my work is! But alas. The other clans are still far behind compared to mine. All those eons I spent suffering under their laughter and wicked gazes... if we someday cull the Threat, I will have them face an accounting for their snobbery._

This tower, the headquarters of Clan Oblong, hides countless secrets within its underground black-box chambers. Lidra pauses when she enters one such area, where she finds a group of upper-level members of Oblong's researchers testing an improved weapons system.

"Clan Leader." A male Technopath says, his eight-legged body skittering toward her. "You are just in time. That junior I told you about three cycles ago, he just completed the prototype for his Bio-electric Dispersion Gun."

Lidra nods. "Excellent. Commence the test when you are ready. I am in no particular rush at the moment."

"Of course, Leader Lidra. Just a few moments..."

The male skitters away, his long and delicate legs tip-tapping across the floor as he rushes over to his subordinates.

Inside this room, a long table sits covered in electronic equipment, mainly used for monitoring the happenings inside the test chamber. Above the table, a huge plexiglass window, made with state of the art Reinforced Chryselum, shields the observers from any harmful radiation or other things that might spill out and travel through the light spectrum.

Lidra walks up to the window and crosses her arms. She watches as a human child and two adults are led into the room.

"Oh?" Lidra idly murmurs. "You managed to procure additional subjects?"

The technician nods. "The external research divisions have been cloning them as quickly as possible, Clan Leader. But the queues for new subjects are long, and even procuring vat-grown clones is a bit troublesome. After all of our test subjects vanished, we had to scramble to keep our design rounds concluding on time. These Terrans are much too valuable to replace with less developed specimens."

After a brief pause, the technician glances at some charts. "The Development Council is working on procuring a large batch of free-range Terrans. I believe our Changeling operatives have already identified several desirable test subjects. Once she has some free time, Creator Demila will snatch a few as well."

"Psions are so short-sighted." Lidra says disapprovingly. "During the Energy Wars, they actually wanted to exterminate the human populace. Wouldn't that have been such a waste? It's much better to keep a few million around. But now that that 'Hero' has risen up... tsk. It's going to be troublesome acquiring additional subjects. Cloned subjects are far less useful for our needs."

Inside the chamber, a little boy and his parents stand naked, shivering with fear. They find themselves inside a painfully bright white room, the walls reinforced so not a single sound can escape the perimeter.

Despite being vat-cloned humans, they possess the same memories as their original 'template models' once did. They remember their lives on Earth, and their quiet suburban existences. All those memories turn to blackness at some unknown point, where they woke up inside prison-like storage facilities designed to keep them immobilized and ready for whatever horrific experiments their alien captors wished to unleash upon them.

"Dad... dad... I'm so scared..." The little boy whispers, his voice cracking.

His father kneels down to hug him. "I'll- I'll protect you, Jacob. Don't be afraid..."

His wife joins him in embracing their son. Together, neither of them even feels particularly afraid, strangely enough. They've been subjected to so much pain over the last few weeks, so many torturous experiments, that now they can only wish for a quick death.

Naturally, after being led into the testing chamber, with its cold floors and uncomfortable ambient temperature, they immediately notice the transparent glass across from them, along with the Technopaths milling about, wholly unconcerned with their captives' states of mind.

"Oh god, oh fuck..." The woman whispers, closing her eyes. "Can't it just end? Why do they keep doing this to us?"

"I don't know, Diane. I don't know..." The man mutters hollowly.

A quiet swishing of air alerts the trio to their task for the day. Their blood turns cold as the floor opens up, revealing a Technopath soldier outfitted with full combat attire. With heavy armor lining every inch of his body, he looks like he could tear through a wall of humanity's finest without breaking a sweat.

The soldier easily hefts a heavy rifle weighing more than 100 pounds (45 kilos) with practiced ease. Thanks to his augmented body, he's more than capable of lifting weapons and armor five times the gun's weight.

Seeing this horrifying weapon of war being aimed at them, the little boy screams in fright, but his parents remain calm.

_Finally. We can die._

Behind the glass, Lidra watches as her technician subordinate speaks into the microphone.

"You may begin."

The soldier nods. He takes aim with the gun, then fires.

_KZZAAT!_

An energized tachyon burst instantly races toward the trio. Before they can react, it explodes in their face, blasting them with electrical energy and making their bodies seize up!

Like a taser overloaded to an absurd level, the Bio-electric Dispersion Gun fries the electrical receptors in their bodies, causing the whole family to gnash their teeth together, fracturing or outright shattering their molars.

A moment later, they all flop to the ground lifelessly.

At once, a dozen drones drop out of the ceiling and begin hovering over the fallen humans, scanning them and collecting data regarding their fallen figures. They lift up and wrench their bodies around without regard for the humans' wellbeing, treating them as casually as the ancient humans might have treated lab rats.

"Interesting." The male Technopath says. "These are promising results. We were able to successfully destroy their neural pathways, which resulted in instant incapacitation. Of course, we won't know how the weapons will perform until we test them in the field..."

"This is a good start." Lidra says, nodding approvingly. "But our enemies are Kolvaxians. They might possess enhanced resistance against electrical-based attacks."

"They will almost certainly adapt over time to the Bio-electric Dispersion Gun." The male replies. "But that doesn't matter. If we can succeed in capturing just one live specimen, we should be able to crack the Kolvaxian infection genome and develop a counter-measure. But we need to disable whatever signal they receive that causes them to self-destruct."

Lidra nods absent-mindedly. "Yes, yes. Keep up the good work. In the meantime, I'll see about getting you more free-range humans."

"We really do need to be bumped up the queue." The technician affirms. "It's too much of a waste to give spiritually-viable Terrans to the lesser clans."

"The supply is almost nonexistent, and the demands for fresh bodies are infinite." Lidra says blandly. "As for competing with Dyna? We'll have to settle for second place."

While the two Technopaths talk, the inspection bots inside the test chamber quickly obliterate the bodies of the fallen test subjects. They erase all traces of their DNA to ensure there won't be any contamination in future experiments, then retreat into the ceiling.

A minute later, the door to the chamber opens, and three humans are pushed inside. These three consist of a little boy, a man, and his wife.

The man shivers. He looks around the room and immediately spots the heavily armed Technopath soldier standing at attention, waiting for his next order.

The man glances at his wife.

"This... this might be it, Diane."

She nods. "I love you, David."

"Dad... dad, I'm scared..." The little boy whispers.

But Lidra and the other Technopaths pay these vat-cloned humans no mind. No matter whether they cry or beg, they will never receive any mercy.

After a few more horrifying rounds of testing, Lidra turns and leaves.

"Keep me updated."

"Yes, Clan Leader!"

She exits the room with her honor guard in tow, but pauses outside for a moment and frowns.

_There it is again. That feeling I'm being watched. Is it merely my imagination?_

She swivels her head in a wide arc, causing the leader of her guards to take notice.

"Clan Leader?"

"Did you scan the whole facility?" Lidra asks.

"Of course. We even called in a request to Clan Hadron. Their specialized detection matrix has not detected any anomalies."

"It's probably nothing, then." Lidra says out loud, but internally, she can't help but feel conflicted. "Let's return to my upper office. I have a meeting scheduled with Exolis of Clan Dyna later. You will accompany me for the foreseeable future."

"Yes, Clan Leader." Her honor guards reply.

---

Hope Hiro, having spent the past several hours observing Sangin Lidra, feels nothing but a deep-seated disgust within his bones.

He observed every moment with nothing but the utmost horror. Between his snooping on her conversations with the other Clan Leaders and the revelation of human experimentation in these secret Technopath labs, Hope managed to connect several awful dots.

_It all makes sense now. I assumed the Volgrim kept humanity around for the reasons they outright stated, but of course they lied! They've been using humans for experimentation for years. I bet they don't just use us, but demons and monsters as well. And why wouldn't they?! They're a supremely powerful Type III civilization. We must make for awesome lab rats!_

Hope's hatred grows exponentially every hour that passes. He watches in horror as the same family of people is brought in, blasted with the Volgrim's special neutralization gun, then promptly 'disposed' of. Despite his barely contained rage, the Wordsmith doesn't rescue these families, as saving them would only reveal his position, and they can simply be cloned again, over and over.

What truly enrages the Wordsmith is the revelation of Creator Demila's secondary purpose on Tarus II.

_That Psionic bitch. I haven't even met her yet and I'm already prepared to atomize her into cosmic dust! She's stealing humans for the Technopath's sick experiments! Not just her, but the Changelings too! I have to let Neil know about this after I return._

He contemplates a great many things, all while silently pursuing Lidra like a fly on a turd. No matter where she goes or how she scans the area, she never manages to detect his presence.

_The Volgrim claim that they kept humans around because exterminating us would be a terrible sin. They spoke as if this were an act of benevolence, but that couldn't be further from the truth! We're nothing but test subjects to them. Even now, they only negotiate with us to lower our guard. And Jason's such a fucking moron there's no way he's uncovered this secret yet! He's even been chumming it up with Unarin, selling out our secrets and giving the First Founder details on our troop movements or whatever other bullshit he feels like blabbing!_

Unaware of the specific details of what Jason and Unarin may have discussed, Hope manufactures all sorts of outrageous thoughts, building up his rage further.

_Goddammit. How am I going to fix this? The Volgrim definitely don't want us to know they're using humans for experiments. The veil of secrecy benefits them. But if we do find out, they might drop all pretenses of politeness to focus on a rapid suppression and extermination effort. Frankly, I don't think Jason is up to the challenge of fighting a Volgrim armada. Humanity's strength is insignificant compared to what the Volgrim can unleash!_

Hope slowly calms down. He follows after Lidra while she rides a gravlift upward to the top levels of her headquarters.

_We still have a big advantage. There are TWO Wordsmiths, not one. If Jason and I are ever in the same area, the Volgrim might try to attack and kill us both to neutralize us. Of course, they probably also want to use our Wordsmithing to benefit themselves, so... there might be a cost/benefit analysis involved. If our threat level rises too high, they will attack, but otherwise, they will work with us. And revealing I know about their human experimentation could throw a wrench into their parameters. The might benefit humanity, but it might be to our detriment too..._

Hope licks his lips.

_There is another way. What if I could clone myself? I could make a third, fourth, or even a fifth Wordsmith. Maybe even more. Then no matter how the Volgrim try, they'll never be able to eliminate us both._

His expression falls.

_Too bad I can't clone myself or anyone else... not without Solomon's Crown. Even Centurion's calculations can't make up the difference. Jason was only able to clone me through Solomon. That means I not only need to acquire Excalibur, but the Crown as well._

_I can't scan to find the Crown's location. Even with Solomon's soul inside of it, the Crown itself reads as an inanimate object to my Wordsmithing. But if I think logically, the Crown won't just be left in any random location. It will have to be locked up tightly somewhere secret. Somewhere impossible for me to locate under normal circumstances. Maybe Unarin's tower? Maybe a black-level site? Hell, it might even be at the same place as Excalibur. That would be awfully convenient._

The gravlift slows to a stop near the top of the tower, in the executive suite. Sangin Lidra exits along with her honor guard, and they stroll through brightly-lit, white-walled corridors past all sorts of upper-crust Technopath elites. Some of them nod at their faction's leader, but most continue with their business, paying her arrival no mind.

Lidra doesn't head to her personal office. Instead, she travels to a hangar nestled on the south side of the headquarters, where a personal VIP shuttle awaits. She and her eight guards climb aboard and take their seats.

"Dyna Tower." Lidra says to the pilot, a Technopath bred and trained specifically to always remain inside the shuttle, ready to ferry her anywhere she might need to go. "I have a meeting with Exolis Whitspur."

"Yes, Clan Leader." The pilot says. "Our estimated travel time is forty-seven time units."

"Is traffic heavy today?" Lidra asks.

"Not especially. Though I have heard that the Psionic Council is holding a minor exhibition match for several recently uplifted Level 6 soldiers."

"Yes, yes." Lidra replies, not particularly caring. She frowns slightly, then looks around the cabin.

"Before we leave, run a scan of the interior."

"Yes, Clan Leader."

The pilot runs a detection matrix inside the craft, but he fails to detect Hope's presence. Even so, this doesn't make Lidra feel reassured.

Hope smiles wickedly at the anxious-looking Technopath.

_She can't see me, nor can she detect me, but she feels uncomfortable. It must be an intuitive feeling, like when a prey animal feels the eyes of a predator lingering on its back. Good. Very good... I intend to kill you once you've exhausted your usefulness to me, Lidra. Your atrocities are far too numerous to count._

The shuttle takes off, and Hope follows along after it, chuckling sinisterly to himself all the while.

_Jason might want to someday reconcile with the Volgrim. But as for me?_

_I'll kill every last one of these alien cocksuckers._