Part 714: Reunited

_January 29th, 2021._

Helen laid on her bed in her apartment in Heaven. She had heard that a great battle was soon to be fought, but her daddy raised her proper and she knew the battlefield was no place for a woman. As such, she left such affairs to the brave men in Heaven and some of the more exotic women who didn't have the same proper sense that she did. Queers, the whole lot of them.

She lovingly cradled a book she'd read many times during her life; Jules Verne's _Around the World in Eighty Days_. It had been published only a few decades before she was born, and her mother had read it to her many nights before bed. Helen was quite fond of the story it told, as she had always wanted to travel around the world she was older.

Ah, but then came the Great War, and the Second Great War. Two terrible events almost back to back that ruined global politics and killed tens of millions of people. Luckily, Helen had endured, and before she died, she did get to travel around the world, visiting Italy, Greece, China, Japan, and even India!

These days, she was all sorts of cooped up. Because of the Archangels' decree, low level Lazarites like herself were not permitted to leave Heaven except on special missions, and those who did had their movements closely monitored. Helen had taken to staying inside Heaven and traveling around its vast, world-spanning territory instead. It wasn't nearly as diverse a realm as Earth, but there were all sorts of interesting people there too.

And after a few decades, she had settled into a simpler routine of maintaining her apartment gardens, reading books, and fantasizing about someday returning to Earth to explore it until there was nothing left to see.

It was on this day, the day the demons had begun to attack Mount Sinai, that something strange happened. A shining light engulfed Helen's body, and before she could react, she found she was no longer inside her apartment!

She had materialized inside what appeared to be a mostly empty school gymnasium. It appeared much more modern than the one she had used when she was a child, but it was recognizable nonetheless.

Helen wanted to stand up and take account of her surroundings, but she found that she was already standing, even though she had no idea when that had happened. She looked to her left, and she looked to her right.

On her left there stood two humans. A teenage boy with blonde hair and blue eyes, and a pretty girl with curly brown hair and deep green eyes.

To her right was someone she recognized immediately. Helen was most surprised by the fact that Lady Catherine was here, outside of her armor, in front of these strangers!

"Heaven's Daughter..." Helen said, bewildered. "You, um, you're not hiding your face? No, rather, where are we? What's going on?"

"It's fine, Helen. You can just call me Catherine here." Catherine replied. "To answer your question, this young man is the new Hero. He is the successor of the Heroic Aura, and his name is the Archseer."

Helen widened her eyes. She looked at the young man with renewed interest, now taking much clearer note of his distinct blonde hair and blue eyes.

"Ohh, goodness dickens, so he is! Look at this young child! A Hero, you say?"

Jason scratched his cheek self-consciously. Helen looked to be in her late 40s or perhaps her early 50s, but he was definitely older than her. He decided not to correct her for now.

"I'm Jason, and this is Nadia." Jason said, gesturing to the woman beside him. "Catherine tells me you are a good friend of hers."

Helen blushed at his words. "Me? A friend of Catherine's? Oh, I would never presume! We simply share a few things in common, that's all! Miss Catherine is the blood sister of one of humanity's Heroes, but me? I merely lucked out and married one! We can't be said to be in the same league."

Jason blinked. "What's that? You married a Hero? Who?"

Helen glanced at Catherine. "You didn't tell the boy? You silly-willy! I thought that was why you brought me here, just to embarrass me!"

Helen clicked her tongue, then did a little curtsy. "I doubt you've heard of me, Mister Jason. I'm Helen Whittaker. Many years ago, when I was still young, pretty, and before I was an angel, I was married to the love of my life, Harold Whittaker. He was humanity's last Hero."

Jason's eyes widened in shock. "You're Harold's wife?!"

"Indeed." Helen said, bobbing her head with a sweet smile. "Unfortunately, I passed before Harold did, and he never came to Heaven as an angel. I've long given up hope on seeing him again..."

Her expression turned forlorn, as did Catherine's. Nadia looked like she wanted to console Helen, but Jason...

"Harold?" Jason repeated. "Harold Whittaker? He's your husband?"

Helen nodded. "Yes. It seems you've heard his name before?"

Jason looked from face to face of each of the three women, then scratched his head.

"Heard of him? I know him! Harold's still alive! Well, not exactly alive, but he's living in his Heroic Artifact! You didn't know?"

Helen's face lit up like a Christmas tree. "R-really?! Oh, Saint Mary and Elizabeth! Harold is alive? Do you know where he is? Could I see him?!"

It wasn't originally in Jason's plans, but seeing the joy on the woman's face, he couldn't deny her.

"Sure. He lives here, actually. Moved him in a few weeks back. Why don't you three follow me and we'll pay the old guy a visit."

Helen started shaking with excitement. Jason could have teleported everyone directly to Harold's house, but he didn't want to reveal any powers in front of her unnecessarily, since he wasn't sure how trustworthy she was. He also didn't exactly want to lead another person right through Aevum's streets, but compared to using his Wordsmithing directly, it seemed the lesser of two wrongs.

As such, Jason led Helen out of the Gymnasium with Catherine and Nadia in tow. They walked through the streets of Aevum, which Catherine had grown a little familiar with, but which Helen had never seen.

The woman's eyes widened multiple times as she gasped, ooh'd, and ahh'd at the incredibly otherworldly sights surrounding her. Beams of light shot up into the sky. A massive tower was erected directly in the center of the city, and it was so tall she could barely believe its size! Naturally she had seen skyscrapers on Earth, but she had never seen a single solitary tower that dominated the landscape around it. The lack of visual competition made the Spire more impressive than it would have otherwise been.

On top of that, there were cubes levitating in the air through unknown means. These cubes flew around, seemingly on important missions, but as for what their purposes were, she had no idea.

As exciting as Aevum was, Helen's thoughts were strongly focused on the knowledge she would soon be seeing her husband again. For the first time in decades, she could see Harold! Talk to him! Maybe even hug and kiss him! She was growing positively giddy at the thought!

Jason led her and the others into a large mansion only five or six blocks from the gymnasium. Located in the southern quadrant of Argent, Harold's estate was large not for his sake, but for the sake of all the animals Jason had moved inside.

The Wordsmith had not realized just how many birds, cats, dogs, bears, and other sentient wildlife had been living around Harold's shack, but he had ultimately relented and created a way for them to travel into Aevum's wildlands to hunt for food as they needed. He had created plenty of infrastructure to feed them automatically, but the predators among them had desired to hunt their food themselves.

It was rather weird. Jason found it odd that these sentient animals would opt to hunt and kill other animals, but he had learned they considered non-sentient animals as lesser beings. Any animals who had not been uplifted by Harold's powers were not considered worthy of any rights to remain alive, and as such they were placed distinctly lower on the food chain.

It wasn't as if Jason could fault them. Humans had known for ages that many types of animals were capable of deep thought, introspection, and even communication. That didn't stop them from killing or even mass-farming them for their various body parts. If anything, humans were far worse due to the fact they had invented corporate slaughterhouses. Harold's animals were much more moral by comparison.

Still, the fact animals capable of speaking had come to such a conclusion left him feeling conflicted. He didn't know how to rectify his thoughts on the matter. Ultimately, he let the matter drop. It wasn't his business, and the best he could do was provide alternate means of sustenance. Perhaps in the future he would try and find a more heavy-handed solution, but he had more pressing concerns weighing on his mind.

When the group entered Harold's estate, Helen's eyes brightened when she spotted a large Doberman laying on a doggy bed not far from the estate's entrance.

"Charlie, is that you? Charlie!! Oh my goodness, I can't believe you're still alive! Come here, young man!"

She trotted over to the dog, who slowly lifted his head and looked up at her with confused eyes.

"Do I... know you... miss?" The dog asked.

After sniffing at Helen's leg, his energy levels rose. The Doberman staggered to his feet and seemed to smile. His tail wagged happily, albeit slowly due to his old age.

"Miss Helen... how is it you? Have I finally died? Are we meeting in... the afterlife?"

"Not the afterlife, you silly boy! I'm an angel, and I've come to Earth from Heaven!" Helen said, completely oblivious to the fact she wasn't on Earth at all. She had no idea what state Earth was in, so for all she knew, it had evolved to a grandly higher state of technology after all these years.

Charlie hopped up a little, trying to use what little energy he had to excitedly lick at Helen's face. "Oh, mother! Mother! It's really you... I never thought I'd get to see you again... holding on for... all these years was... truly worth it..."

Tears fell from Helen's eyes as she hugged the dog gently, trying not to cry. She had long assumed all of her beloved pets had succumbed to old age, but Harold's powers not only elevated their intellect, they had granted the animals greater lifespans as well. Their children and progeny would eventually become stronger and stronger each generation, living longer lives with greater quality of lives as their genetics improved over time.

But these first generation animals did not get to live as long as their children. Being able to see their Mother again before they died was an event nobody expected. Before long, word spread that Helen had returned. Sir Marcus the parakeet flew over, and even that annoying crow came flying over to see her.

"CAWW!! MOTHER'S BACK! THE ONLY GOOD PERSON IN THE WORLD! NOT LIKE UGLY STUPID HERO BOY AND STINKY GIRLS! CAWWW!!"

"Chester, you watch your manners." Helen chided, waggling a finger at the crow. "What have I told you about keeping your rude opinions to yourself?"

The crow paused, then he looked away.

"Sorry, mother!"

He didn't even yell the words. Jason was enlightened.

They made their way further into the house, with Marcus and all the other animals excitedly greeting Helen. It was obvious she had built up a deep relationship with them, and even though she hadn't met many of the younger animals, they knew her because of stories passed down by their parents.

Eventually though, Helen became anxious. She went up the stairs to the third floor, and Jason led her into the main bedroom where more than thirty animals, including the huge bear Jason had seen lounging outside Hideki's cabin, were all resting on the ground, on beds, or even on shelves along the walls.

Helen's eyes darted left and right. She paused and stared blankly.

"Where is he?" Helen asked, bewildered. "Where's Harold?"

"He's over there." Jason said, pointing directly across the room.

On the opposite side from the door, there was a giant old-school television from the 1950's. Its back was facing the door, and its front was facing the large pane-glass window. Helen didn't even recognize it as a television at first due to seeing it from behind.

Confused, she walked over to the television, stepped around its side to look at the front, then froze on the spot. Her eyes widened with a mixture of sadness, happiness, horror, and glee. She was confused for a moment, but she managed to piece together what happened quickly.

"This is Harold's artifact..." Helen whispered, as she looked at the image of an old man on the screen, laying in an easy chair, snoring loudly with his head thrown back. He was completely out of it and hadn't noticed his wife's appearance at all. "He always was... glued to the TV when he got older..."

"Yes." Jason said, smiling at her. He felt a deep warmness in his heart. Seeing this couple reunited reminded him of his own situation with Phoebe, and that felt cathartic to the Wordsmith in a visceral sense.

Helen waved her hand in front of the screen. She tapped the screen, then hissed through her teeth...

"Harold... Harold! Harold! Are you... are you okay? Harold? Can you hear me?"

Harold didn't react to her words. She stared at the screen, feeling overwhelmed with emotions, confused by this unexpected development. Never did she expect her husband would be living inside a television.

"Father is hard to wake up." Marcus the parakeet said, landing on top of the TV. "If you adjust the knobs, that will do the trick. He's usually a bit grouchy when he wakes up, but I'm sure he won't be once he sees you!"

Helen's eyes brightened. She reached over to touch and twist the oversized dials on the side of the television. After a few seconds, Harold's snoring abruptly stopped. His eyes widened, and he sat up in his chair, flying into a rage.

"Dagnabbit, I told you brats not to touch mah damn dials! Who's fiddlin with 'em?! You'd better fess up, bucko!"

"Harold..." Helen said softly, as tears of joy welled up in her eyes. "It's me. It's Helen. I'm... I'm back!"

She touched the screen, desperately wishing she could reach inside and caress his face lovingly, like she did all those years ago...

Harold looked up at the woman who had woken him up.

His expression didn't lighten. If anything, it became nastier.

"Helen? Helen?! You think I give a got-damn what yer name is, woman?? Damn wimmin, always fiddlin' with stuff they ain't 'sposed to! Keep yer hands off mah boob tube, lady!"

Helen's body shook. "Wha-? Harold, it's me, Helen! Helen, your wife! Don't you remember me?"

"Wife? WIFE?! I ain't got no wife! Stupid broad, you got wax in yer ears?" Harold snapped. "Quit foolin' around and get yer grubby mitts off my teevee, woman! Can't you youngsters let an old man rest in peace? SHEESH!"

Harold sneered angrily at Helen, then he flopped back onto his chair and deliberately spun it around so its back was facing outward.

A full minute passed. Helen stared, frozen speechless, the blood drained from her face. She looked like a ghost that had lost its soul.

"Har... Har... Harold... Harry... you don't... re-re-remember... me?"

Helen staggered backward. Jason quickly reached out to catch her before she could trip and fall. He was just as confused as Helen. He couldn't believe Harold didn't recognize her. For the briefest moment, he thought maybe Helen had been lying and they never were married, but based on how much she knew about Harold, and the fact all the animals knew her, that seemed unlikely. The most obvious answer was that... Harold had completely forgotten his wife!

Jason had no idea why this had happened. He felt absolutely awful for Helen, who was becoming more and more inconsolable every second. She started blubbering apologies to everyone for wasting their time, mixed with barely concealed sobs of anguish.

For decades, she had lived in Heaven, a heart turned to granite at the prospect of never seeing her beloved husband again. Then she finally got that chance, only for the cruel reality of the situation to rip out her heart, throw it on the ground, and stomp it into paste. She had suffered in Hell, ascended to Heaven, and then fallen right back down to Hell again all in a fifteen-minute period, her emotions and spirit completely shattered. She fell into Jason's arms and began weeping, tears staining Jason's shirt as this new revelation finally broke her spirit.

Catherine came over and tried to comfort Helen. Nadia watched from afar, unsure of what to do.

Jason looked at the side of Harold's television. The old man had already fallen asleep, and was snoring loudly again. It was as if Helen waking him up had just been a minor nuisance he easily rid himself of.

At the same time, every one of Helen's tears cut Jason like a knife. He became stone-faced as he realized... Helen was experiencing the same thing as him.

Jason had lost his wife. When he found her again, she had no knowledge of who he was.

Helen had lost her husband. When she found Harold again, he had no knowledge of who she was.

The parallels were so clear that Jason momentarily found himself dissociating from the situation. He felt like an outside observer watching from before. The situation was so absurd he almost found it comical. Was it possible the Creator was pulling the strings of reality as some sort of sick joke? Was he playing the worst prank ever on Jason, and now Helen too?

Jason blinked his eyes. He felt dizzy, yet continued to hug Helen while she sobbed. He looked at Catherine, and she met his gaze. It was clear that Catherine felt distressed for what Helen was going through, but she had no idea of the thoughts going through Jason's head.

Carefully, Jason helped Helen to her feet. He assisted the sobbing woman in leaving the room, where they went outside to get some fresh air. After thinking for a moment, Jason asked Nadia and Catherine to give him and Helen some space.

Once those two went back inside and Jason sat on a bench with Helen, her crying lessened, but it was obvious she had been hurt deeply enough that the knife plunged into her heart would leave a wound that could never be healed.

"Helen..." Jason said softly. "I'm so sorry. I didn't know this would happen."

"It's... nnn... it's not your fault..." Helen sniffled, wiping her long white sleeves across her eyes. "I should have known... he must have caught the dementia... the Alzheimer's... he was getting worse before I passed. I just... I didn't know it would be this... bad..."

Jason swallowed heavily. He never knew his own grandparents, but he'd had a few friends with older relatives who suffered from the cognitive degeneration induced by dementia and Alzheimer's. He knew it was a disease that would bring about brief spurts of memory loss, followed by the eventual and complete decline of their mental faculties.

It was a tragic disease, one that turned a person's most beloved friends and family into strangers.

Fate had slapped Helen cruelly across the face.

Jason squeezed Helen's hand. He looked up into the black sky, with the artificial sun failing to light up a bright-blue atmosphere like on Earth. If Helen were not so distracted, she would have recognized that the sky was 'wrong' almost immediately, but she hadn't.

"I lost my wife." Jason said quietly. "And when I found her, she had forgotten who I was. I know, at least somewhat, what you're going through. Unlike my situation, I think I can help you heal Harold and make him whole again. So don't cry, Helen. I know it hurts to see him like that, but I'll get in contact with my Hero friends. I know a few people who can definitely, definitely fix Harold's brain so he remembers you."

Helen lifted her head. She looked at Jason through tear-flooded eyes. "You... you can heal him? You can heal my Harry?"

"I can certainly try. No promises." Jason said. "But I don't want to see someone's wife cry like this. Especially not old Harold, who's given me so much. If it weren't for him, I would never have obtained my powers. This is the least I can do for the old man."

Helen squeezed Jason's hand. She bobbed her head and stifled a sob as she smiled at the kind young man sitting beside her.

"Oh, Jason... you're such a dear. Even if you can't heal Harry, thank you so much... thank you for being there for him. I'm glad he's had such good friends around him all these years. He has his animals too... I know he hasn't suffered at all. Even if you can't heal him, I'll just have to make him fall in love with me all over again."

Jason's heart skipped a beat. He gave Helen a long, uncomprehending look.

_Make her... fall in love... with me again?_

Jason's thoughts flickered over to Phoebe. He smiled at Helen, and nodded along to her words.

"Yeah... that... might just work." Jason muttered.