Part 136: Newton's Third Law

Satan wraps one arm underneath Belial and uses the other to splash muddy water on her exposed skin. "Hey, hey, girl... come on, come on. Wake up! Shit."

His water magic goes to work healing her, but thanks to the blood and mud turning the water fetid, it doesn't have much effect. A few bits of melted flesh mend, while the rest of her body remains grievously injured.

Belial trembles and moans. Her chest shudders as she swallows painfully. "Gmm... hnn..."

Satan bites his lip. "Damn. Zeus hit Belial with everything he had. She's lucky to be alive. I need to find some clean water, pronto."

The Devil uses his Vectors to grab the succubi's still-stretched arms and legs lying in spools here and there. He coils them as gently as possible and rests the noodly appendages on her chest, then uses his Vectors to levitate Belial's body in front of himself, so her arms and legs don't drag across the ground. He stomps through the mud toward the hole in the Earth, where the Titans first attacked him and Bael.

Satan descends into the bowels of the planet. Belial shivers in his arms, not due to cold, but due to wrenching, electrical agony coursing through her nerves. As Satan heads underground, he summons a fireball to light the path ahead. 

Minutes tick past. Satan's eyes flick to the walls, which glisten in the firelight thanks to the water that drained through earlier. Our feet slap against the damp floor and send splashing noises echoing ahead of us as we travel.

"Poseidon told me there were millions of demons living on Earth. If that's the case, why did only a few thousand show up to fight the Titans? Where are all these lazy fuckers hiding? What happened to discipline and bravery?"

"I don't know," Samael replies, despite the Devil not specifically addressing him. "We haven't any idea how deep these catacombs go. Traveling to the surface might be time-consuming. Perhaps thy people intended to arrive on the scene, but it took them half an hour to reach the surface, so they could not?"

"Yeah. Maybe..." Satan says, unconvinced. "Or, maybe they sat on their asses and ignored the chaos on the surface. Either way, I intend to get some answers."

Whispers tickle Satan's ears as he continues down the path. Having already passed dozens of tunnels on the left and right, he continues shambling deeper into Valac's Den, keeping an eye out for other demons as he travels.

The Devil narrows his eyes. _Hmm. Someone should have greeted me by now. It seems the grunts are keeping their distance. I wonder why?_

"Nyehehe! Emperor Satan has returned!" 

Barbatos's shrill voice rings out in the darkness of the caves, making Satan flinch. The Lord of Iron scampers toward us, keeping low enough to the ground that his loincloth drags against the damp dirt. 

With a throaty cackle, Barbatos rears his head back to laugh. "Eheheh! I'm surprised you have the balls to show your face around here after all the trouble you've caused!"

Satan frowns. "I killed several of Hercules' humans, and their souls temporarily took over my mind. I would never intentionally bring harm to my people otherwise. It was an accident."

Barbatos flicks his gaze in every direction. Several demons step toward us, their burning red eyes illuminated by Satan's fireball. When he returns to looking at us, Barbatos strikes a heroic pose, emboldened by the presence of other demons. "Nyeh! An accident?! Because of your shitty contracts, we lost control of ourselves! If it weren't for Bael going berserk, I might've used my overwhelming power to kill Goros over here, or maybe even Kilvik! What would you say if I'd killed my bestest best buddies, eh? Surely, you don't think an apology would be enough?!"

The nearest grunts nod approvingly to Barbatos's words. A few of them clap and yell things like, "Yeah, he's right!" and "You tell him!"

Satan lowers his gaze to Belial's shivering body. He pauses to dwell on his thoughts before replying. "You're right. I fucked up. I never considered the possibility someone might turn my contracts against the demons. The idea of losing control seemed unthinkable to me."

Barbatos sneers at Satan. "Nyeh, it must _really_ suck not being able to control your body. If only we knew what that felt like!"

Another grunt shakes his fist at Satan. Cuts and gashes line his body, while burn marks dot his arms and legs. "I couldn't move a muscle! Bael's mana burned me and melted my skin, but I had to stand there and suffer! I couldn't run away! I was helpless because of you!!"

"Everything was going just great until you came crawling back," another grunt yells. "We got stronger whenever we killed something, there were whores aplenty, and Valac was crushing the angels and Titans like no tomorrow! Now he's dead, and we're all fucked!"

More grunts join in. They howl and berate Satan for several minutes, spinning tales of the woe they suffered because of his contracts. Satan stares at the ground, unable to offer an explanation capable of dampening their anger.

"I don't know what to say," Satan says, holding up a hand. His voice quiets the gaggle of grunts as they lean in to wait for his apology. "I screwed up. That's all there is to it. Maybe I shouldn't have killed Valac, but he didn't leave me much choice. I only came to talk, but he bared his fangs. He chose to hold a grudge against me for thousands of years, rather than let bygones be bygones. Considering how that bastard treated my girl... I think he deserved worse."

Before any of the demons can protest, Satan jabs a finger at Barbatos. "However! Don't pretend your authority overrides mine. I broke our people out of Heaven. I defeated an Archangel when nobody else could. I even ended up suffering in the Cosmic Realm, where I wasn't able to help my people while thousands of years passed! Despite the mistakes I've made, I had only the best intentions for demonkind. I've lived longer and accomplished more than any of you losers. I made a few mistakes, but don't think you can point fingers when you wouldn't exist without me!"

Satan's words take Barbatos aback. The young Lord scoffs at him and pauses to look at his brothers lurking in the darkness. Their eyeballs glow softly as they try to come up with a counterpoint. 

Finally, Barbatos speaks. "Of course we're grateful for you getting us out of Heaven. That much is obvious, nyeh! That doesn't give you the right to control us like puppets! We're supposed to all be one big happy stinkin' family, not slaves bound to a master!"

A voice roars from behind Satan. "Bahaha! Well said, runt!"

Satan turns around to search the darkness for the speaker. Lucifer and Bael stride toward us, and the latter puffs his chest out triumphantly. 

"What've you got to say about that, Satan? Your dumb ass nearly got us all killed! If it wasn't for me being a total badass, Hercules might've won!"

As Bael stomps forward, several of the grunts shrink back in fear. Barbatos's voice shakes. "Y-you're back? B-but... weren't you a m-mon...ster?"

Lucifer holds up her hand. "I managed to soothe Bael's rage. If his anger subsides, or he becomes bored, he returns to normal. He's no threat to anyone now."

Bael flicks his gaze to Lucifer. "Yeah? Well, I've got a few choice words to spit at you later, ya damned cunt. Can't believe ya fired off your damn mouth like that."

"Desperate times; desperate measures," Lucifer replies. "You could have transformed without my assistance. Would have saved everyone a lot of trouble, including yourself."

Bael opens his mouth to retort, but Lucifer holds her hand up. "Let's move on. There are more important matters to attend to."

Bael rolls his eyes. "Yeah, yeah. Anyway... Satan! How about you get rid of those contracts now, eh?"

Satan blinks. "What? Why would I do that?"

Bael gestures toward the assembled grunts. "Do I hafta spell it out? You're 'sposed to be the smart one here."

Satan chews on his lip. He flicks his gaze toward the eyes glowing in the darkness, each pair representing a grunt afraid of his power.

"Thy comrades are correct," Samael says. The Archangel appears in Satan's thoughts and leans against some invisible object. "Thy Blood Contracts have caused thee much consternation. Mind Control is a difficult technique to perform, but supposing someone could manipulate thee in the future, they might permanently annihilate thy people. Is maintaining power via enslavement something thou intendeth to do, ever? Does it not go against the very principles thou dids't espouse when thy people fled Heaven, all those years ago?"

Satan lowers his eyes to the floor. Thoughts swirl in his mind.

_Damn. How could I have been so blind? Samael is right, and so are the others. Not only are my Blood Contracts a double-edged weapon, but they go against everything I stand for. Why would I even consider forcing other demons to do something against their will? That isn't how I should operate._

Satan's voice cracks as he regains his composure. "Right... I... I didn't think of the consequences when I formed my Soul Contracts. Enslaving angels and Titans is one thing... but doing that to my brothers and sisters... there must have been a screw loose in my head."

Bael smacks Satan on the back and nearly knocks the Devil off his feet. "Bahaha! That's right! Now you're usin' your brain, dumbass! Get to tearin' them up! It's the only way we'll ever trust you again!"

Satan nods. With a flourish of his hands, he summons the first Blood Contract before himself; one with Lucifer's symbol drawn in blood on the byline. 

"I think I've tormented you long enough, Lucy," Satan mutters. "I'll destroy yours first."

Lucifer breathes a sigh of relief. "Devils. I can't wait to live my life as a free woman."

With a nod, Satan grabs the contract floating before him. He pinches it at both top corners, pauses for dramatic effect, and rips it straight down the middle. The paper tears in half and turns to dust, sending magical particles all over the floor like a waterfall of confetti.

Several demons grin and nod at each other. "Now, that's good news!"

However, the grunts speak too soon. A few moments later, the contract reappears in midair, startling Satan. His eyes widen as it floats to the ground, no longer torn in half.

"What in the name of...?"

Satan grabs the contract, tears it in half again, and watches as it dissolves to dust, only to rematerialize once again.

Lucifer fidgets uncomfortably. "Please tell me those are different contracts you're tearing each time."

"No..." Satan murmurs. "It's your contract. No matter how many times I tear it up, it won't- gah!"

Satan's breath catches.

_Son of a broodmother! I forgot!_

Lucifer notices the astonishment in Satan's eyes. "What's wrong? I don't like surprises."

"I can't destroy the blood contract..." Satan whispers. "My contracts are unbreakable. Not even I can undo them."

"The only thing I like less than a surprise is a joke," Lucifer replies. "Now is no time for clowning around."

"I'm serious," Satan says. "I can't rip my contracts up, or burn them, or anything else. They're permanent until the day I die."

Groans rip through the ever-expanding crowd. Newly arrived demons get the story from those that have been here since Satan's arrival, only for dismay to cross their faces as well.

"Bloody hell, Satan!" Barbatos yells. "You roped us into some cursed eternal bondage?! What's up with that?!"

Satan furrows his brow. "No... no that can't be it... there has to be a way out... it's _my_ power, for devil's sake. I'm sure there's a loophole."

The Devil grabs Lucifer's contract and carefully reads its words. As he does, Samael speaks once again.

"Satan, destroying a Blood Contract is impossible. However, thou can, at the least, annul its worst parts. A contract can be modified, so long as both parties agree to the newly defined terms."

Satan blinks. "I can do that?"

The other demons raise a few eyebrows when he talks to himself, but from their perspective, he only appears to be thinking out loud.

"I believe so. Out of sheer boredom, I have spent some time perusing thy abilities and studying their finer details to amuse myself. Rewriting the contracts will require plenty of time and effort, especially given how many of them thou possess. It will also require fresh blood from each being thou hath contracted with, but expunging the more troublesome clauses should require little more than time and patience."

Satan wipes his face. A cold sweat overtakes him.

_Cripes. I can't just tear the damn contracts up. I have to rewrite each and every one, then get a blood signature from each demon. There are thousands of contracts still active. This is going to take forever._

Satan blinks. His gaze wanders to Belial, still breathing weakly in his Vector's grasp, then back to Lucifer.

"I have a solution. It's going to be a pain in the ass, but it will work. I'll erase my blood contracts one by one. If you could do me a favor and locate everyone who signed one, I'd appreciate it. In the meantime, I need to get some water and heal Belial. She's in bad shape."

Lucifer crosses her arms and looks at Bael. The two of them exchange a glance, pass a message between themselves wordlessly, and nod.

"Fine," Lucifer says. "I'll do that much. You'd better keep your word, though."

"Of course. The Devil always upholds his end of the deal."

With a nod, Satan turns away. His gaze flicks to Barbatos.

"Hey, brat. I ordered you to find Nerissa's body and put her somewhere safe. Where is she?"

Barbatos rolls his eyes. "Oh, don't you worry your tush. I put her somewhere nice and safe. Valac's throne room! I figured the Titans would never find her there."

Satan narrows his eyes. "Valac's throne room. Really. Are you _trying_ to piss me off?"

Barbatos sticks out his tongue. "Nyeh! It's the least I can do after how you made my loyal minions suffer!"

"Whatever."

Satan shoves past Barbatos. With a motion of his hand, he activates an Aqua Sense ability, one of Poseidon's powers. An underground lake trembles half a mile away, telling him where to find salvation.

_Belial is dying in my arms while these jackasses slow me down. Nobody has any sense of urgency around here._

Satan continues toward the underground water reservoir. After we walk a hundred feet or so, a demon grunt scurries over to Barbatos and whispers in his ear. Satan pauses to listen. 

Barbatos howls in surprise. "What?! You imbecile! I told you to hunt them all down! How could you let one slip through your claws?!"

Satan tilts his head back to watch. The other grunt shrinks away from Barbatos. "I-it wasn't my fault! We had to get out of there because of Bael! It was only one fleshbag..."

Barbatos punches his palm. "It's about the principle, you freaking idiot! We _never_ let a fleshbag escape our clutches, much less one of that Titan's thralls! Nyeh! What an embarrassment! He killed a bunch of my minions, and you let him get away!!"

The grunt wrings his hands apologetically. "S-sorry... I saw him running, but I didn't think-"

"Of course you didn't think! You never do! This is why I've gotta do everything around here, sheesh!"

Satan stares at the two of them for a moment, then shrugs and continues walking.

_Cripes. Getting all up in arms over one human. Without that Titan's power, they wouldn't last two seconds against even the weakest of demons._

The sounds of Barbatos scolding the grunt fade into the distance behind us. As Satan walks, he mutters quietly. "Hey, Samael. I have a question."

Samael stirs. "Hm?"

Satan purses his lips. "You told me I absorbed a few dozen human souls, correct?"

"Aye," the Archangel replies. "What about them?"

"Well, until now, I was under the impression that when someone slew my body, I lost one of my souls randomly. The chances of losing those corrupted souls before all the others seem to be... remote."

Samael nods. "Naturally. While thy mind was under the Titan's power, I frantically searched for a way to manipulate the souls controlling thee. As I did, I discovered I could control the ordering of souls within thy body. Those I place at the top disappear first, while the ones at the bottom expire afterward."

Satan nods. "That's what I thought. The ordering isn't random, then?"

"Nay. 'Tis not."

"Finally. Some good fucking news."

...

Satan's feet splash into a shallow puddle, sending bits of water in every direction. The Devil pauses to use the liquid on Belial, healing a bit of her skin as best as he can.

"I'm surprised, Samael. Your actions lately have been... out of character."

Samael crosses his arms. "Perhaps."

"Don't play dumb. What's your goal? You complain all the time about me, the demons, and you always talk about how you'll someday take revenge for your people's sake. Why didn't you let the Titan possess me and finish off the rest of demonkind? Why not let my strongest powers get burned out of me?"

Samael lowers his eyes.

Several long, excruciating seconds pass.

"I... I know not. Thou art correct, Satan. My actions contradict my statements in the past. Perhaps I have gone mad. Perhaps I have grown complacent. However... as I watch thy struggles against the seemingly impossible... a strange feeling wells up inside of me. Perhaps 'tis pity? Guilt?" 

Samael continues. "Spending a few years within thy mind has totaled naught but a sliver of my life; a sneeze lost in the wind. Still, I've had time to contemplate a great many things. As thou lay in the Cosmic Realm, all but dead, I realized an eternity of mundanity awaited me. I ignored the feelings in my heart, knowing that at the least, thou woulds't receive the punishment ye rightly deserved."

Satan continues walking down the labyrinthine passageways toward the underground lake. His fingers tap together. "The feelings in your heart, huh? And what might those be?"

Samael pauses.

"I know not how to describe them. I've slowly started seeing the world in the way thou do. Despite the gruesome manner in which my brother left thee limbless and naked in the Cosmic Realm, the agony and helplessness did little to erode thy fighting spirit. As a soldier fighting for the Creator, I must begrudgingly admit my respect for thy pertinacity."

Satan sighs. "That can't be all of it. Since when did you start respecting me? You held my life in your grasp twice, yet you didn't kill me. Are you afraid of dying? Is that what's going on here?"

Samael rubs his chin. "Aye. I do fear death. I resigned myself to the eternal abyss at one point, but the thought of someday speaking to my brothers and sisters again... it... it fortifies my resolve. Tell me, Satan, what are thy intentions toward the angels? Dost thee plan to attack them and cause yet another bloody war with no victors? Can we not come to a resolution and put the bloody conflicts of our past behind us?"

"You tell me, chum. I don't know how angels think."

"Thy answer is inadequate. My brother once extended a cautious hand to thee. He offered a potential peace treaty! Hads't thou accepted his generous offer-"

"That proposal was garbage from the beginning," Satan retorts, cutting off the Archangel. "Perhaps you've forgotten, but I haven't. The angels killed all the imps in Heaven. I couldn't rescue more than a sliver of my people, and your family decided to execute the rest in response. How the hell could I trust a peace treaty extended after such a barbaric display of violence? Angels and demons hate each other. That's all there is to it."

Samael falls silent.

Several minutes pass as Satan draws nearer to the underground lake. Once it comes within view, the Archangel speaks again.

"Thou art correct, Satan. Thy views are among many reasons why I forced myself to re-evaluate my life's choices. My people committed many grave sins, as did I, personally. I cannot apologize enough on their behalf. I fear that neither side will be willing to set aside their differences in the pursuit of peace. Too many have fallen. Too much blood has watered the land. What good will words do, now?"

Satan kneels beside the lake. He splashes water on Belial's nude body and gets to work soaking her broken bones, lacerations, and scorched skin. The icy water causes her to shiver violently, but Satan summons fireballs with his Vectors to warm her up as he performs the healing magic.

"I don't know, Samael. Even if Raphael groveled on both knees and apologized for a hundred years... it wouldn't undo the time I lost in the Cosmic Realm. I let all the demons down, and it's all because of your brother."

Satan chuckles. "Heh. Words are cheap, indeed. You've got that right."

Belial coughs. Her arms slowly shrink and spool back together as she regains her stamina. She blinks her eyes open and winces at the light from the fireballs hovering around her.

"Ngh- where am I? What happened?"

Satan places his hand on the Succubi's back and helps her sit up. "Easy, toots. You took one hell of a beating. While you hacked and chopped at Hercules, his daddy came in and blasted you with lightning. You're lucky you survived."

Belial reaches up to rub her face. "Lightning...? Ah... I... I remember, now. The pain. The burning on my skin. Ohh... I tried to kill that Titan, but I didn't have enough power. He healed every wound within seconds. All I could do was slow him down."

"You did fine," Satan grunts. "Don't beat yourself up. I bet you'd have killed him if his father hadn't intervened. Considering you're only a Baron, that's incredible."

Belial nods. "I suppose you're right. It's not like I'd prefer to kill him. Violence isn't in my nature."

"You sure? I remember when we were imps, and you ate lots of bugs and birds. Killing animals is the same thing as killing an angel or a Titan; it's just a matter of degree. If you're willing to kill one..."

Belial pulls away from Satan. She summons magic from within herself to finish healing the last of her injuries. "I don't think those are the same at all. Anyway, I haven't been an imp since forever and a half ago. I've changed! And I certainly don't eat bugs anymore."

"I guess not. Heh. You've changed... everyone's changed."

Satan chuckles wryly. His expression darkens, and he averts his gaze.

"Say, Belial... uh... there's something I need to tell you."

Belial perks up. Her voice lilts with concern as she notices the sudden change in Satan's attitude. "Hm? Is something wrong?"

The moisture in Satan's mouth evaporates. He coughs and wets his lips. "Ahem. Ah, yeah. You could say that. It's... it's about your sister. Nerissa."

The blood drains from Belial's face. "What... what happened to her? Satan? Don't tell me... she's not..."

Satan closes his eyes. "I'm sorry. There's no easy way to say it. She died, Belial. She died. I battled Valac, and during our encounter-"

Tears well up in the succubi's eyes. Her breath catches, and she turns away. "Nnn... no... she can't be dead... that's impossible! She was an Emperor. She was stronger than me... she was... ngh..."

Belial clutches her chest. She goes silent for a moment, but her body shakes as she tries to suppress her anguish.

Satan balls his hands into fists. "Blame me. It's my fault she died. I wasn't here to protect her, or you, or anyone else. Valac used her, hurt her, and tossed her aside... all to take revenge on me. If it weren't for me, she'd never-"

"Don't speak!" Belial yells. She turns to face me, a flash of anger radiating from her eyes. "Nerissa loved you, Satan. I lost contact with her several hundred years ago, but before that, you were always on her mind. She never lost faith in you. She always said you'd return! Even when I infiltrated Heaven, searched every nook and cranny, and came up empty-handed, she didn't lose faith. She promised me you were alive, and never gave up hope!"

"Yeah. Your sister always was a stubborn one," Satan mutters. He doesn't meet Belial's gaze. "Even with Valac's mind control turning her into a puppet, she fought against him until the very end."

Belial wipes away her tears. "How did she... _go_? Was it quick?"

"Somewhat. Nerissa went out on her own terms, not Valac's. A warrior's death."

...

Belial stares into the lake for nearly a minute. Satan's fireballs illuminate the water, sending sparkles and shimmers rippling off its surface to the stalactites hanging above.

"I wonder if we could bring her back..." Belial murmurs.

Satan raises an eyebrow. "What?"

"Nerissa. Maybe we could bring her back. Valac was somehow able to raise the dead. Maybe another demon could... no... no, never mind. Forget it. That's too disturbing a thought."

Satan lunges his hand out and grabs Belial's shoulder. "What did you say? Valac could raise the dead?!"

Belial jumps in surprise at Satan's sudden enthusiasm, then shrugs. "W-well, yes. But... those he brought back couldn't control their bodies. They were his puppets. I wouldn't want my sister's peaceful slumber to shift in such a gruesome manner."

Satan's eyes widen. "Are you kidding?! This is great! I didn't know anyone could revive the dead! If I can bring Nerissa back, maybe I could do the same for the others! Maybe... maybe..."

_If I can save Nerissa, my time in the Cosmic Realm wasn't a total waste! If I could at least save her, then that would mean I'm not a total failure! I could bring her back and undo some of the harm Valac caused!_

Satan's mood turns positively giddy. He rubs his hands together and flicks his eyes around the cave. "Devils, the idea hadn't occurred to me until just now, but if what you're saying is true..."

Belial crosses her arms. "Drop it, Satan. Don't desecrate the dead. Such abominable acts belong with scum like Valac. I'm sorry I even thought of such a thing. Lucifer would have my head if she knew."

Satan ignores the succubus. He jumps to his feet and starts walking away, heading back the way he came. "You do you, toots. I'm a man on a mission. If I don't at least try, I won't be able to live with myself."

"Wait! Where are you going?"

Belial scrabbles to catch up to Satan. As she falls into step beside him, Satan smiles. "You may not like it, but I have to try and bring her back. If there's even a chance... I'll take it."

The succubus grits her teeth. "Satan, you're acting like a child. My sister is dead. Can't we bury her and go on with our lives? Don't let your emotions get the better of you. She wouldn't want that."

"Maybe, maybe not," Satan says. "We won't know unless we ask her. If I can't figure anything out, no harm done. But, if I can..."

Belial sighs. "There's no dissuading you. Do what you please, but I warn you, Satan... this path you're walking will only lead to heartbreak and agony."

Satan bites his lip.

"I have to try."

Samael watches silently. His eyes give only a hint of the disapproval simmering below the surface.