Part 28: A Million Voices Cry Out In Terror

"What do you mean?! It's a planet! How do you lose a friggin' planet?" I rest my hands on my hips, nudging my lightsaber and Hoarhiim's orb in the process. "I thought you guys had a constant tracker on its position!"

Neil tosses his hands in the air. "I don't know what to say. We shut down the gate after recovering that Roland fellow since we didn't want Amelia slipping through the gate somehow. Now we can't reconnect."

The goblin Neil was helping earlier pokes a button, then raises his hand. "Ooh! Grumbull have idea! Maybe gate was destroyed on other side?"

"Yeah, that's possible." Neil scratches his head. "I don't get it, though. Why would someone destroy the portal? Hell, who _could_? It must have been Amelia."

"Makes sense,  I guess," I reply. "I don't see why she'd trap herself on the planet like that. Can you force open a portal without a gate on the other side?"

Neil shakes his head. "Not a chance. The only way to travel there now is via the services of a Warper, or we could take a spaceship there."

"A spaceship?"

The Frenchman scratches his chin. "Yes, but we don't have technology like that. Even if we did, the galaxy is massive. I don't know where any of these planets are in relation to one another."

An unnerving thought enters my mind. "Say, uh, Neil... I've been wondering, what exactly _is_ the Labyrinth? Is it a cube floating in space?"

His face contorts into several expressions as he looks at me, then the goblin, then back to me again. "I haven't the faintest clue. I believe we exist outside of the Milky Way Galaxy, though."

"What?! Are we in Andromeda, then?"

Someone stomps up behind me. I don't bother turning as I recognize Kar's towering form. "My mother has told me many tales about the universe. The Labyrinth exists in a separate dimension outside of the galaxy, yet we are also within."

_Once again, Kar reminds me that his mother exists._ "Speaking of which, will you ever take me to chat with Marie?"

The Croco-sphinx sighs. "I do not know, little Turtle. I conversed with my brothers recently. They are pleased that I have assisted you, but not that I am King of all Monsters. Such a title traditionally belongs to the King of a clan, meaning King Ghidorah. Due to the monster hierarchy, I now outrank him. This has caused much friction between my brothers and me.

"Ah, that sounds like it could... cause issues. Haha."

"Indeed," Kar says, before turning away. "Butterfly. Butterfly!"

His voice carries over the room and all around the panels and consoles, so deep is his timbre. A moment later, a tiny flicker of movement in the air approaches us, and I recognize his little fairy assistant, Blinker.

"Heyo! Whatchu want, you big ol' gator?" She flutters down and stumbles onto on his shoulder with a half-drunken _thud_.

"We require the services of a Warper. Would you be so kind as to conjure one for us?"

I almost forgot about what Neil and I discussed. Good thing Kar reminded me. "Do you think we can use a Warper to get to Espurn Prime without using a gate?"

Blinker hops up to her feet and waves her arms. "Of course! Easy peasy impy squeezy! Just gimme time to work my charm, and I'll find a cutie to make a portal for ya!"

She flutters away, squeaking conspiratorially to herself the whole way, and I turn my attention back to Neil. "Keep checking to see if you can connect. I have some business to deal with."

"As you wish, my liege."

A minute later, Kar and I walk back over to Phoebe, Roland, and Makoto. Roland looks up at me, trepidation in his eyes.

"What is the verdict, Your Holiness?"

"We're having some, ah, technical issues." I shrug slightly as if to say, _it can't be helped._ "Kar sent one of his assistants off to find help. Sorry for dragging you out here, but there isn't much we can do today."

Roland's shoulders sag. "Ah, that's unfortunate. Still, I've met many interesting Gods here, and seeing all these magical tablets is exciting as well. I am certain you will do your best, Your Holiness."

"Thanks for the vote of confidence," I reply. I turn to Makoto. "I don't have anything better to do right now. How about those spiritual lessons you offered?"

He widens his eyes in surprise. "Already?"

"I mean, you don't have to. We can do it some other time if you like."

Makoto shakes his head quickly. "If it is for your sake, Hiro-sama, then I am always willing to make room on my schedule. Come, let us return to my home. I will discuss the different aspects of spiritual energy with you there."

It takes quite the effort for me not to say, _'aw man, but I just got here...'_

Roland decides to stay behind and hang out with the humans and monsters in the Core, so Phoebe and I leave with Makoto. Once we step through the portal, I realize the bus is gone.

Phoebe winks at me. "Your Grace, why not summon an automobile with your magic? I'd like to drive it, if possible." 

"Okay. I meant to make you one, anyway."

My flippant announcement catches her off-guard. "Y-you did?"

"Yeah. It's just the model that I wasn't sure about, but I think I've got your tastes pinned down."

Her face twists into incredulity. _Model? What does he mean?_

As the three of us arrive at the bottom of the warpgate's stairs, I aim my mind at the road. "**Vehicle.**"

Gears appear in my mind, followed by an engine, frame, radio, cigarette lighter, dashboard, seats, and thousands of other pieces involved in making a car. My head trembles slightly from the effort of envisioning the automobile, but the sound of air rushing away from the summoning area and a loud _POP_ follows, and with a _THUD_ my newest creation slams onto the pavement. Ten tons of steel, wood, and plastic hit the ground with tremendous force, startling the nearby spectators.

Makoto stares quizzically. Phoebe gawks with an open mouth. "J-Jason! It's so big! What is it?"

"I got the impression that while you liked the Ferrari, you're more of a big-truck kind of girl. So... I gave you something that can go off-road."

The massive vehicle towers twenty feet in the air, with stairs for easier access to the cabin, three seating rows for passengers, a metal grill in case of a collision, and a reinforced frame. _Safety first, after all. I wouldn't want something to happen to Phoebe while she drives._ The rollbar ensures that even if the whole thing flips, it should end up back on its wheels.

I gesture toward it. "Here you go. It's called a _monster truck._"

Phoebe squeezes her hands into fists. "Eeeeh! Oh my god! It's amazing! I can't believe you made this for me!"

"I've been teaching you to drive for a reason, after all. There's no way I can continue to hog all the fun."

She startles me by leaping into my arms and hugging me tightly. "Oh, Jason! Thank you thank you thank youuu!"

Makoto smiles. "Young love is always wonderful."

---

"M-Miss Berthold! Slow down! That is a VERY big- gwaugh!" Makoto shrieks in fright as Phoebe races her new toy at an obstacle in the road, bouncing us several feet in the air before landing on the ground with all ten tons of raw steel. She laughs maniacally as the reinforced death machine plows through rows of corn in the local farms.

I hold onto my seat with telekinesis, while also grabbing my door for dear life. "S-sweetheart, I think maybe you're going a little too-"

"FASTER!!!" Phoebe jams the accelerator and turns toward a series of small hills and boulders, pushing the truck's suspension to the test. I can almost hear the poor metal box screaming in pain. Makoto and I toss from side-to-side while Phoebe clutches the wheel with all of her strength.

Minutes pass, and eventually, her excitement wears off as we approach the central city. She slows to a stop after climbing the ramp up the canyon and pulls to the side of the road.

Daintily, Phoebe pulls her medium-cropped hair back in a bun and whistles. "That was fun."

I dab the front of my pants to make sure I didn't wet myself. "Yeah. Fun. Right, Makoto?" 

The Japanese man nods silently but conceals a look of terror. He melts into his seat; sweat covering every inch of his body.

_I've created a monster._

Before she hops out of the truck, Phoebe points to a button beside the steering wheel. "What does this do?"

I swallow and smile, glad for the moment of calm. "Well, uh, you were scared of loud engines originally, so I added a button to silence it. The engine roar is all fake anyway since it uses fusion to power itself."

She nods. "That's very thoughtful of you. I wasn't scared of the Ferrari's noise though, Your Grace, but of the unfamiliar setting you put me in."

"Well, it's there anyway. Nobody wants to hear a loud monster truck driving through town in the middle of the night, right?"

"Certainly!" Phoebe hops out of the truck and slams the door, and squeals a little as she pats it. "This is by far the best present anyone has ever given me!"

"I'm glad you like it," I mutter, while swallowing the bile from my roiling stomach. _And here I thought I was a speed demon._

...

Minutes later, Makoto shakily leads us to his residence. The adrenaline is finally wearing off, and he's mostly back to normal, but the experience in Phoebe's truck will probably make sleep difficult for him tonight.

He lives in Bahamut's former palace, just as Phoebe and I do. Most of the high-rankers live here, though I hear that Saul built a mud hut a mile away on the outskirts of town. He prefers seclusion.

The familiar walls roll past us, and Phoebe loops her arms around mine and smiles up at me. Even if I was a little scared earlier, it was worth it to see her in such a good mood. She deserves a present occasionally after all the time we've spent together. I love her.

I can't wait to get married.

Makoto stops in front of his door and fumbles with his key for a moment, before pulling it open. He steps inside, and immediately I realize something is wrong.

As we step through the doorway, Phoebe's warm smile shifts to an expression of horror. Makoto's room is piled high with trash, dust, filth, and all manner of other garbage. Plates with food crusted on them tell the tale of a lazy bum living in a slum, not a respectable military man who speaks of peace and harmony.

"Mister Makoto...?" Phoebe trails off as she looks around.

Makoto remains oblivious to our concerns. "Ah, let me get a few chairs for us, just give me one moment. Watch your step!"

My foot kicks a bag of half-eaten stale potato chips, sending some of them spilling out all over the floor. The room is so messy that I'm having trouble seeing around and navigating without bumping into anything.

He disappears into the kitchen, and his footsteps light the place up enough that I can tell the mayhem isn't isolated to one or two rooms.

"I never pictured Mister Ueda as this sort of man," Phoebe murmurs.

I pull away from her and use my telekinesis to shove debris toward the walls, so I at least have a clear path to walk. "I figured a spiritual guru enlightened about Shinto principles or whatever would have a clean house. Can't judge a book by its cover, I guess."

Makoto appears from around the corner, a wooden chair in each hand. He sets them down in the living room, though he has to nudge some books and bags of food out of the way. "I will get a seat for myself."

Phoebe and I slump into our chairs while I try to think of a way to mention the mess without offending him. Already I can tell Phoebe is itching to scrub the place from top to bottom.

When he returns, he comes back carrying not just a chair, but a small table as well, perhaps the size of a TV tray. "Would you care for some tea?"

Phoebe and I shake our heads at the same time. "We're fine."

After setting his chair and table down, he leaves and returns with a pot of cold tea and a paper cup, setting them down on the table before easing into his chair. He finally notices the distress on our faces. "Oh, so sorry about home. It is more cluttered than usual."

"Cluttered," I echo. "I, uh, didn't realize you lived like this."

"Hm?" Makoto cocks his head questioningly. "Like what?"

Phoebe grimaces. "Well, the place is a little messy, you know?"

"Oh, certainly. But look on bright side! It bring me closer to nature."

"Nature?" I echo his words a second time, my mind reeling with disbelief. "What about your home reminds you of nature?"

Makoto folds his hands in his lap and sighs. Leaning back, he stares at the ceiling. "Humans, monsters, demons, everyone... we try to rearrange things and be more orderly. Such is way of individual who has attained self-awareness. Nature, however, chaotic and sloppy. Therefore, to be closer to nature, my house chaotic, see?"

Phoebe forces a smile. "That's an... interesting way to describe a mess. I could clean the place up for you..."

"Bah, there is no need." He waves his hand flippantly. "Will just mess it up again anyway. Now then, Hiro-sama, I suppose you have questions for me about magic?"

Despite how miffed Phoebe looks that Makoto just brushed her criticisms aside, I take his stance in stride. I'm not God, so I can't judge someone else for how they live in the privacy of their home. He isn't hurting anyone.

"Mister Ueda, I need to increase my spiritual energy limit. Isn't there a way that I can expand my Wordsmithing abilities beyond what they are now?"

He nods. "Yes, yes, of course. However, depends how far you're willing to go. Demons increase limits by ingesting souls of humans. Will you take that path?"

"Of course not."

"Your power allows you speak a word and make it become reality. Have you tried using a spell to increase your limits?"

I quickly search my memories. "Yeah, but it didn't work. I didn't expect it to, either."

"Neither would I." Makoto reaches over and grabs his cold tea and sips it, then places it back on the table. "Demon way is not the only way."

"You mean I can increase my limits without devouring human souls? Sign me up!"

Makoto shakes his head. "Not quite. Angels used energy from prayers. If you are willing to have people pray to you, then it may be possible, but..."

"I'll mark that as a 'maybe.' Anything else?"

He shrugs. "Not know. However, I did wish to speak to you about something..." He falters for a moment. "...have you ever executed someone?"

Phoebe raises an eyebrow. I do, too. 

"No. I'd prefer not to do such a thing."

"Are you opposed to killing?"

"I believe there are better ways to resolve conflicts, but sometimes you have to put your life on the line."

Phoebe coughs. "Ahem. Then what are you planning to do about Amelia?"

My seat burns hot under me. "I try not to think about that."

Makoto waggles a finger. "Hiro-sama, she has exterminated entire planet of people. If you can't end her, then you can never justify killing anyone."

"Murder isn't in my nature, Makoto. Wordsmithing seems like a limitless ability. I feel as if I have other options at my disposal."

He nods. "A good point. I respect your commitment to pacifism, but I wonder if you realize that your ideals will not hold up against demonkind."

A few seconds pass as I digest his words.

"Maybe they will, maybe they won't. I won't know until I try. Anyway, I thought you were supposed to be a peaceful, enlightened ascetic. Why are you talking about death and killing all of a sudden?"

Phoebe looks away, and Makoto's expression darkens. "Humans, despite our flaws, are somewhat principled when we wish to be. Humans progressed from barbarism to semi-enlightenment in just a few thousand years. Demons only became worse. It was our good intentions that doomed us. I still believe that many demons are not inherently evil, but I also acknowledge what an incredible enemy they are."

Makoto sips some more tea. "While you were gone for few days, Adams-san received word that several demons and monsters wished to join our ranks. Is very good news, in my book."

"What? They did?! That's great!" Phoebe's eyes light up like the Fourth of July. "So what's the problem?"

Makoto shakes his head. "Right now, we are little more than thorn in Demon Emperor's side. However, once we amass military might, they will turn full attention on us. Either you become willing to draw blood and display ferocious power, or you creatively think of way to persuade trillions of demons to our side."

"Trillions?" I blink in surprise. "That many exist?"

Phoebe rubs her hands together. "Humans have home planets, but so do demons. Half of all demons live in the Labyrinth, but the rest live on worlds strewn across the galaxy."

_Trillions._ The word echoes in my mind. _We have several thousand people and monsters in the Core. What attacked us before was the tiniest tip of an iceberg. If the demons get serious, we don't stand a chance._

"Makoto... are you certain there isn't a way I can increase my limit? Anything."

He smiles and shakes his head. "Unless you are willing to strip soul energy from demons as you kill them, I see no viable options, Hiro-sama. Demonic energy is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural."

I look away from Makoto. "If you say so."

The Japanese man reaches down and grabs an opened bag of chips. He grabs a handful of stale potato chips and holds the bag out. "Hungry?"

I share a glance with Phoebe. 

"Pass."