Part 415: Pushing Benjamin's Button

After leaving Linda behind, Benjamin Brown walks with purpose past several dozen heavily armored T-REX Troopers. Unlike the basic exosuits worn by most recruits, these men and women wear much heavier variants similar to the Rhino-suits worn by Lieutenant Samuel. With heavier plating and a more robust power system, they can combine their strengths to defeat Demon Barons, and even a few of the weaker Dukes. Unfortunately, they still aren't much use against Emperors.

Ben pushes open the doors to Neil Adams' headquarters, a compact facility with many different computer terminals and video screens, all of them monitoring various areas of Tarus II. Their purpose is clearly to keep an eye on the humans, monsters, and especially demon residents.

It's not much of a walk before Ben skips past the few-dozen terminals and their monster and human operators. He arrives at the entrance to Neil's officer, where he finds a pair of minotaurs standing outside. These monsters wear full-body T-REX suits, all except for their bull-like heads, which remain exposed.

The minotaur on the right observes Ben during his approach.

"Mister Brown. _Braaaaum_! Neil is ready to see you."

Benjamin nods at the minotaur, though he has no idea as to the half-bull's identity. "I'll be heading in, then."

The minotaur opens the door, allowing Benjamin to enter. He steps into a carpeted office with blue floors, simple electric lights above, and a grand mahogany desk in the center. On the opposite side of the desk, with several piles of papers placed before him, sits Neil Adams, humanity's military commander.

"Ah, Benjamin." Neil says, rising from his seat. "Thank you for joining us."

Ben's eyes flick to the near-side of Neil's desk, where he finds another man seated, a dark-skinned fellow of some notoriety in the military corps.

"Samuel Baker." Benjamin says, offering a nod to the Lieutenant. "It's good to see you."

Samuel stands up. He walks over and shakes Benjamin's hand while smiling cordially.

"I was just informing the Commander on the details regarding my trip to Volgarius."

The three men exchange pleasantries, then they all take their seats. Neil raises his eyebrows.

"Coffee?"

"No thanks." Ben says, casually waving his hand. "I don't require any neurological stimulants."

"That makes sense, what with you being more machine than man." Neil chuckles. His words, while slightly rude, don't contain any hostile intent. Benjamin doesn't mind their pointed nature.

"So." Ben says, glancing between Neil and Samuel. He lifts his palms, then plops them in his lap. "You called me here. How can I help you?"

Neil smiles. "I had some questions I wanted to run by you. How familiar are you with the Volgrim?"

Samuel blinks. "Familiar enough to know that there is currently a 7th-Level Psion within this planet's gravity well. Creator Demila is not a particularly famous Psion, but she does possess a certain level of reconnaissance capability. She can listen in on every word we speak. She may even be doing it right now."

Neil's eye twitches. He shoots a glance at Samuel, but otherwise maintains his smile.

"Is that so? Well, that's fine. I was only inquiring randomly. I don't plan to discuss any sensitive information."

"Good. I'd rather not paint a target on my back." Benjamin says. "Only men with a death wish would be stupid enough to poke their noses into the Founders' business."

Samuel frowns. "You're afraid of the Volgrim?"

"I am. And you should be too." Benjamin replies, without a hint of shame. "Unlike either of you, I've fought the sons of bitches. It didn't go well. Of course, I'd more describe myself as 'intelligently cautious,' but you can use whatever label you want. Just like if there was a tiger stalking you, you should exercise the same care and attention toward the Volgrim."

"That's fair. But... what the hell's a tiger?" Samuel asks.

"A creature from Earth." Neil says. "Four legged predator."

"Ah." Samuel grunts. "I see."

As a man who was never born on Earth, Samuel didn't have the chance to witness any of the motherworld's creatures in their original living space. Luckily, the Volgrim managed to transplant Earth's rich biodiversity onto habitable worlds across the Milky Way, but unfortunately, they would never be the same again.

"Let's move on." Neil says. "You've been working as a trainer for our troops for a while now, Benjamin. How would you like to join humanity's armed forces in a more official capacity?"

"I refuse." Benjamin says, his polite smile instantly disappearing. "I have no interest in your growth, your army, or your plans. As far as I'm concerned, you're living on borrowed time. Either the Volgrim will defeat the Plague, then come for you, or the Plague will defeat them, and then you're screwed anyway."

"What are you saying?" Neil asks, while adopting a frown of his own. "That there's no point in building up humanity? That we're destined to lose, no matter how we struggle?"

Benjamin leans back in his chair and sighs. "That's exactly right. Furthermore, let's not beat around the bush. You're pursuing a more... _aggressive_ doctrine... than the First Wordsmith. You don't just want my help in training troops; you're hoping to have me there when the violence starts."

"Violence? No, no..." Neil says, dismissively waving his hand. He looks away as if disinterested in the idea. "You misunderstand me completely, Mister Brown. I would love nothing more than a peaceful resolution with the demons."

"That's some bullshit if I ever heard it." Benjamin gruffly retorts.

"I'm serious!" Neil protests. "Who wouldn't prefer peace to war? But from what I understand, you've spent the last 100,000 years living on Hell Harbor, yes? You enjoyed a time of relative peace. You do not wish to re-enter battle again."

"That's right." Benjamin answers slowly. "So you know how futile trying to convince me is."

"You have lived among the demons a long time." Neil says. "You must know their hierarchy and internal disputes quite well, yes? And above all else, you should know how treacherous and vile they are."

"I don't love the demons." Benjamin says, lowering his voice. "But I don't hate them like I did in my youth. I've... come to understand them."

"Understand them?" Samuel interrupts. "How in the goddamned hell can you think you understand them? My brother DIED because the demons murdered him. They didn't even have a good reason. They did it for sport!"

"Demons aren't evil." Benjamin says, ignoring the rage in Samuel's voice. "They have been taught to be evil from birth. They walk the path of bloodlust because it is all they know. Even so, many younger demon generations are more than willing to change if given the chance."

"You're making the same arguments as Jason." Neil says, his frown deepening. "I take it you intend to join his coalition?"

"Neither of you are listening." Benjamin says. "Your ears are filled with gunk. I won't join Jason because he's a naïve idealist. Just because I don't think all demons are bad doesn't mean I think they all deserve redemption. Some deserve fates worse than death!"

Samuel forces himself to calm down. "So... you mean..."

"I'm not joining Jason's side." Benjamin says. "But I'm not taking yours either, Neil. I will casually assist your troops in their training. I will earn some Merit Tokens, and that is all. Is my position truly so difficult to comprehend?"

"Why are you so hesitant to join us?" Neil asks. "Don't you see? The demons attacked us, unprovoked, during Stormbringer. They slaughtered our people-"

"Don't YOU lie to me!" Benjamin suddenly barks, raising his voice enough to make Neil flinch. "God-damn lying piece of shit. Unprovoked?! I'm not an ignoramus, Neil! You continuously made forays into the Labyrinth to 'rescue' human slaves. That would be excusable, but you just couldn't help mowing down any demons who also crossed your path!"

Benjamin gnashes his teeth. "You want to preach to me about how evil the demons are? You're no better! It's warmongers like you who always bring about misery to the masses!"

"I did what I had to do!" Neil shouts back, not allowing Benjamin's strong will to cow him into submission. "While you sat in an ivory tower, frolicking about with the demons, the rest of humanity suffered under their raping, torturous, barbaric ways!"

"That's right!" Samuel chimes in. "We may have killed a million bastards, but they deserved to die!"

Benjamin snorts derisively. "First you claimed their attack was unprovoked. Now you claim that even though it wasn't, they deserved to die. How far down this slippery slope shall you slide? At least the Wordsmith WANTS to peacefully resolve the problem, even though I doubt he'll succeed."

Neil settles back into his seat. "Peacefully. Are you even aware? The Wordsmith unleashed an attack that slaughtered more than five hundred thousand demons. I certainly won't lose any sleep over their deaths, but his hands are far from bloodless."

"I have heard of... that matter." Benjamin affirms. "And that is just one more reason why I won't join him. I might be a soldier, but I already fought my best years. I'm an old man now, and I'm not in the mood to join some new cause."

"Yet you assist our soldiers with training." Neil points out for the second time. "Stop fighting me, Benjamin. I am trying to give you exactly what you want! Don't you want your daughter to grow up among her own kind? Not a bunch of demons who would butcher her if they thought you weren't able to protect her!"

Benjamin falls silent. He stews on Neil's words for several long moments before closing his eyes and shaking his head.

"You're not trying to help me. You're trying to use me. I know what that feels like. That helpless feeling when a commander above you issues an order that goes against your moral code. I hated it a hundred thousand years ago, and I hate it now."

He opens his eyes and looks squarely at Samuel.

"You lost your brother to the demons? I lost mine to the Volgrim. Darnell. He and I fought against the demons and the Volgrim alike. Ultimately, it wasn't even really the Volgrim who killed him. It was our own commander. Told him to take on a suicide mission. Said it would save lives."

Benjamin narrows his eyes.

"But it didn't save lives. Hundreds of civilians still ended up dying that day. And my brother was among them! Had I told him to disobey orders, he might still be with me now. But I didn't, and so he isn't."

Neil's posture softens.

"I see. You've been betrayed by people in authority. Now, you don't trust our types. I can see why you hold the position you do."

"The only person I care about now is myself. More specifically, my family." Benjamin says. "I don't want you lot going around, mucking shit up and stirring the pot. But I can't stop you, so I might as well earn a few tokens if it makes my little girl happy."

Neil sighs. "Alright. I'm sorry I spoke too forcefully. You can continue to assist our troops with their training if you wish. I won't ask you to pick a side again."

Benjamin nods. "I'm glad to hear that. If you don't mind, I think I'll be heading out, now."

"Sure, sure. Take care, Mister Brown." Neil says, while standing up. He and Benjamin both rise to their feet simultaneously, and they exchange a handshake before Benjamin turns and walks out of the room.

After the Vanguard departs, Neil sits back down. He and Samuel remain silent for a few moments.

"Too bad." Samuel eventually says. "You couldn't rope him in."

"Benjamin Brown is a formidable soldier. According to the scans we've taken, his body is comparable to a Demon Duke's, and his auxiliary abilities should make it possible for him to even take down some of the weaker Emperors. Our T-REX's are a long way off from matching that kind of combat strength."

"It'd be nice to have him." Samuel says. "But if I might say so, sir. I don't think he's necessary."

"Because of the Body Boosters." Neil posits.

"Yes. Say what you want about Jason, but his facilities are rapidly improving humanity's strength. Whether he came up with the idea or his wife, the difference isn't significant. His Wordsmithing is still key to overthrowing the galactic power structure."

Neil pauses for a moment as he recalls the existence of Creator Demila, who could easily be listening in on their conversation. At the same time, she could likely also pluck all the information out of their heads through her 7th-Level telepathy.

At this point, Neil has no way to stop her from wreaking havoc or obtaining all of their secrets.

"Fucking Wordsmith." Neil mutters. "I can't believe he just allowed a Psion to roam around freely. Doesn't he realize what her presence here means..."

After mulling that thought over for a moment, Neil shakes his head and reaches for a datapad on the table in front of him. He keys in several pieces of information, then glances at Samuel.

"Now that you're back, I'll expect you to resume your duties. Continue distributing the Power Gloves to our people. Also, make sure they get trained in using them."

"I ended up finally trying out mine." Samuel says. "I even, ah... I tried the 'Fairy' setting."

"You did?" Neil asks, while he crooks a smile. "And here I remember you protested so fiercely."

"It just ended up growing some fairy wings on my back. No big deal." Samuel retorts. "More importantly... I found out what it means to have an S-class resonance with another species' DNA. I'm telling you, Neil, it was incredible. I could use fairy magic effortlessly. It felt like I should have been born a fuckin' fairy. Never felt anything like it in all my life."

"Really?" Neil asks. "Can you show me?"

"Of course." Samuel replies. He glances at a table off to the side of the room, where his Power Glove rests. Due to its weight, wearing it for extended periods isn't exactly comfortable, unlike the chestpiece of the T-REX all humans permanently wear around their torsos.

Samuel stands up. He starts to approach the table.

As he reaches out his hand to grab the Power Glove, something unexpected happens.

It leaps off the table and flies into his grasp!

Startled, Samuel jerks backward slightly as the gauntlet claps into his palm, like a baseball landing snugly into a mitt.

"What the-?!"

Neil stands up. He stares intently at his subordinate.

"What did you just do?"

"I... I don't know!" Samuel exclaims. "I... I reached toward it, and the gauntlet just... came to me!"

Samuel turns to look at his commanding officer, but the expression on Neil's face turns ugly.

"Guards! Get in here!"

Before Samuel can react, the door flings open and both minotaurs rush into the room. At Neil's command, they pounce on Samuel and pin him to the floor, then kick the gauntlet out of his grasp, sending it rolling across the carpet.

"Hey! What the hell are you doing?!" Samuel snaps.

"Who are you?!" Neil fires back, eying Samuel with visible suspicion. "Are you a shapeshifter? A demon? Or more likely... a Volgrim Changeling?"

"The fuck? I'm human!" Samuel protests, while the minotaurs keep him pinned to the floor. "What's wrong with YOU?"

Neil frowns deeply. He quickly touches a button on his desk.

"Debra. Get me a testing kit. I want DNA and any other sample types."

Samuel quickly realizes the mix-up. "Neil, I'm not a Changeling, okay? But go ahead and test me. You'll see."

"I'm not blind." Neil says, gazing coldly at the man pinned on his office floor. "I saw you use psionics just now. Explain how you did that."

"I don't know." Samuel mutters, his expression turning solemn. "I just... _did it_."

After a few minutes, Debra and half a dozen scientists enter the room, all of them people who have worked under Phoebe's tutelage over the past 6 years. One of them is even a member of the Respected, someone who perished during Stormbringer but came back in a superhuman body.

They proceed to draw Samuel's blood, swab his saliva, and perform other invasive scans. After half an hour, they hand the results to Debra.

"He's clean." Debra says to her boss, handing the slide to Neil. "At least as far as we can tell. You say he used psionic powers?"

"He did." Neil replies. "Samuel levitated that Power Glove off the table into his hand. You're sure he's human?"

"It's possible he's not. But if the Volgrim can deceive all of our tests, we won't have much of a way to tell..."

Neil frowns deeply. "Samuel traveled to Volgarius. It's possible his body could have been swapped with a Changeling while he was there. Hell, anyone who was on that mission could have been swapped. I want you to run tests on every single person who went."

"What about Demon Emperor Serena?" Debra asks.

"We can't test her. There's no point in trying. It will create a diplomatic incident." Neil answers. "Just worry about our people."

"Alright, Neil." Debra says, before turning and walking away.

After she and the scientists leave, the minotaurs stand up and release their grip on Samuel, allowing him to sit on the floor, but still keeping a close eye on him.

"Still no explanation?" Neil asks.

Samuel gazes at his commander. In his head, he understands why Neil acted so decisively. If he really was a Changeling, it could spell disaster for humankind. Rooting out the truth as fast as possible would be the correct choice.

But in Samuel's heart, the cold and callous way Neil had him pinned without warning... it didn't feel good to him. Now he isn't sure what to think of Neil's swift judgment call.

"Like I said." Samuel replies. "I don't know. I just... reached for the gauntlet... and it came to me."

He pauses.

"Although..."

"Although?" Neil asks.

"It's only a hunch." Samuel mutters, while standing up. He points the the Power Glove, resting on the floor a short distance away. "Mind if I use it like we planned?"

Neil glances at the minotaurs. They both nod and take out heavy guns, then keep the weapons trained on Samuel.

"Go ahead." Neil says quietly. "But don't make any sudden movements. I still don't know if you're truly 'Samuel Baker' or not."

"Motherfucker, I am." Samuel says, while shaking his head.

The man reaches toward the gauntlet on the floor, but instead of picking it up, he tries to repeat the trick he did earlier. He concentrates, squints, scrunches up his face, and even grunts a little.

However, no matter what he does, the gauntlet stubbornly continues to sit on the floor, as if taunting him.

Finally, he just bends down and picks it up. After staring at it in annoyance for a moment, he changes the dial to the Fairy setting, then activates the Power Glove's magic. Moments later, a pair of fairy wings sprout from his back, appearing like shiny and radiant butterfly wings.

"Theoretically," Neil says, "only the designated users should be able to use their Power Gloves. That must mean you're actually Samuel Baker."

"Right." Samuel says. "But maybe I'm actually a Volgrim who hacked the glove for my own purposes. All to get close and fool you."

"It's a possibility." Neil replies.

The Commander ultimately gestures to his two minotaur guards. The huge half-bulls snort at him, then turn and leave the room, closing the door behind them.

Neil takes a seat. He forces a smile, despite the awkward atmosphere.

"Well, sorry about all of that, Samuel. We do have to be careful, you know."

"Yeah. I know." Samuel grunts.

"What are you waiting for?" Neil asks, while gesturing to the Power Glove. "Show me what you can do with that thing."

"Yes sir."